how many more people can sit in the alajuela's stadium than puntarenas ?
what is the difference in percentage between whites in the 2000 population and whites in the 2005 population ?
how many more home victories did this team have in the 2004/2005 season than in the 2003 season ?
what is the difference in the amount of home games won versus home games lost for werder bremen ?
what is the difference in percentage between korean buddists and german buddists ?
what was the difference in the 5 hoops between bulgaria and belarus ?
how many more total goals does leandro de almeida has than zsombor kerekes ?
what was the difference between her qualifying scores for balance beam between boston and philadelphia ?
how many times did marty win the award for best actor ?
what is the difference in years of granville bantock's work compared to pete dohert ?
what is the difference in foundation date between cusco and motul ?
what is the difference, in years, between the founding of the heidelberg football club and the eltham football club ?
what is the difference between the average for episode 1 and the average for episode 13 ?
what was the difference in the number of votes between otero county and harding county ?
what was the difference in votes between mccain and romney ?
what is the difference between the number times the result was "won" and the number of times the result was "nominated?"
how many more points did paul tracy earn during the race than max papis ?
what is the difference in the number of people sent home in episode one and two ?
what is the difference in child population between koraput and puri ?
what is the difference between the edmonton hundred and the elthorne hundred in 1801 ?
what is the difference between the elthorne hundred and the gore hundred in 1831 ?
what was the difference between he bronze medalist and the fourth place finisher's time ?
how much faster was olga tereshkova's time compared to mahjeet kaur ?
how many tracks last more than 5:00 ?
this table shows the difference between how many transliterations ?
how much more money did camerin win in pittsburgh than in spoleto ?
how much time difference was there between france and the united states
how many teams had more pyramids than the atlas perp squad ?
what was the difference between the first and second wins for argentina ?
what was the difference, in years between the founding of st. agnes and the founding of good shepherd ?
what is the difference in election year between the first and second members on the list ?
what is the difference in weight between dexter fields and quincy taylor ?
what is the difference between the number of games won and the number of games lost ?
what is the difference between the number of wins pallac. reggiana reggio emilia has had and the number of wins progresso castelmaggiore has had ?
what was the difference in percentage between cuomo and astorino from february 28-march 3, 2014 ?
what is the difference in win pct under fred jordan and chal port ?
what was the difference in score on january 2 1922 ?
what is the difference between the start and end of onjo's reign ?
how many did alain prost have the fastest lap ?
what was the difference in score between the two teams in the last game ?
how much more weight does the model 3 have over model 1 ?
how much longer has the north carolina wolfpack been around compared to the tar heels ?
what was the time difference between the rank 1 swimmer and the rank 3 swimmers ?
what is the difference in frequency between the at90s1200 and the at90s2313 ?
what is the flash size difference in the at90s8515 chip and the at90s4414 ?
how many more prisoners is erebuni designed to hold than goris ?
how many more silver medals were handed out than gold ?
how much better is susan sloan's time, than adriana pereira's ?
how many years did argentina take first place ?
how many times has brazil been in first place ?
what is the difference between rank 5 and rank 11 transfer fee
the difference between yelizaveta bryzhina's time and ksenija balta's time ?
how many more seats does at&t stadium have than ford field ?
what is the difference in pts between december 5th and november 11th ?
what is the difference in league debut date between farrell and carne ?
what is the difference of medals from 1976 and 2010 ?
whats the percentage of difference between the frog and zebra fish ?
what was the "to par" difference between betty jameson and patty berg ?
what is the difference in gold between algeria and cameroon ?
how many more winners were there than nominees ?
what is the difference (in years) between when the royal blue began and the year the crusader began ?
what is the difference in population between ascension island and gough island ?
what is the difference in land area between alta and newton ?
how many more total medals did china win over japan ?
what is the difference between the total number of bronze medals won by the united states and west germany ?
how many more golds did russia have than germany ?
what is the difference in gauge between works numbers 541 and 542 ?
how much shorter of a time did eduardo piccinini receive than diego cuenca ?
what is the difference between the number of medals earned by the highest-earning country and the lowest-earning country ?
what is the difference in qualifying for sharon bowes and silvia sperber ?
what is the difference between the highest scoring player's points and the lowest scoring player's points ?
what is the difference in finishing times for the men's and women's bupa great south run finish for 2013 ?
how many more adherents does constantinople have compared to jerusalem ?
what is the difference between the five star prediction device's date of creation and the han comet diagrams' date of creation ?
compared to 1998, what is the difference in seats won in the 2001 election cycle ?
how many presidents served more than one year ?
what was the greatest difference between goals scored by serbia and its opponent ?
which is the difference between kw for allenheads and seaham
what was the time difference between habtamu fayisa and peter matheka mutuku ?
how many more news and classical stations are there than roots, rock and jazz stations ?
what is the difference in wins between sevilla fc and cd toledo ?
in feet, what is the difference between the tallest peak and the 9th tallest peak in california ?
what is the difference in number between the total number of gold medals and the total number of bronze medals ?
how many more total deputies does benji have than state senators ?
what is the difference in number between the uninominal deputies from potosí and beni ?
what was the difference between the gold medal count of brazil and argentina ?
what is the difference in medal count between the us and france ?
the difference between the number of medals of italy and the number of medals of poland
what is the difference in total medals between the us and poland ?
what is the difference in years between cry wolf and four christmases ?
what is the difference between percentages of votes between allkaji and cela ?
what was the difference in votes (percentage) between savire hoxhaj and astrit sejdinaj in the fratar municipality ?
what is the difference in semifinalists between panama and vietnam ?
what is the score difference for the game against michigan state ?
how long between first and most recent albums released ?
what is the difference in magnitude between the may 13, 2181 solar saros and the may 24, 2199 solar saros ?
what is the difference in time between the first place and second place cyclist ?
what is the difference in the year published between iso/iec 15288 and iso/ice 20000-1 ?
what is the difference in uci points between nikolas maes and john degenkolb ?
what is the difference between the number of top ten jazz records that gene paul has engineered and the number of top ten country records that he has engineered ?
what is the difference between the points juan martin del potro won defending and his new points ?
mathematically speaking, what is the difference between 2015 and 1912 ?
what was the difference in position between 2011 and 2012 for daegu fc in the k league classic ?
how many games more than chamaco valaguez did sangre chicana win ?
what is the difference in time for petar popangelov in race 1and 2
how much larger was the attendance on 11/25/2013 than 12/21/2013 ?
what is the difference in kw between naga and bacolod radio ?
what is the difference between the time air uganda commenced operations and skyjet airlines commenced operations ?
how long between the operations first commenced and the last airline to commence operations ?
how much older is harnham bridge (or ayleswade bridge) than the trinity street almshouses ?
what is the difference between mexico and brazil time
how many more runs does john have than albert ?
what is the difference in wins between wimbledon and the us open for this player ?
what was the difference in attendance between the july 7th game and the july 8th game ?
what is the difference in attendance between the game on july 7th and the game on july 8th ?
what is the height difference between contestant reyna royo and michelle krisko sugasti ?
what is the difference between live births and deaths in 1995 ?
what are the point differences between the first and last team ?
what is the difference between the points earned by cordoba and the points earned by cd villarrobledo ?
how many more titles did team maccabi tel aviv win than every other team combined ?
how many more releases were in compact disc format than cassette tape ?
what is the difference between hayley wood and thorpe wood ?
what is the acreage difference between madingley wood and hayley wood ?
what is the difference in points scored between erwan nigon and dirk heidolf ?
how much larger was the 2009 population of chicago than the 2009 population of toronto ?
what is the difference in tonnage between the heaviest and the lightest ships ?
what is the difference in grams of water between 100g of wheat and 100g of rice ?
what was the difference between korzeniowski's performance at the 1996 olympic games and the 2000 olympic games in the 20 km walk ?
what was the difference in score between the barrage and the lizards on june 2.
what is the difference in height between the tallest building constructed in the 1960s and the tallest building constructed in the 1980's ?
elevation difference in mount montezuma, chile and mount brukkaros, namibia
what was the biggest difference in years between album release dates ?
what was the score difference for the september 15th game ?
what is the difference in thrust between the al-7 and al-21 ?
how many more seasons was marty brill head coach compared to tom conley ?
how many feet separate the 7th and 8th ranked highest peaks ?
what is the difference in senate opposed between john quincy adams and james garfield ?
what is the difference in yards averaged between cecil moore and raymond philyaw ?
what is the difference in touchdowns between raymond philyaw and jerel myers ?
what is the difference between the highest average and the lowest avaerage ?
how much more people were in attendance at the orlando lotusphere conference in 2001 than the one in 2004 ?
what's the difference in years between angela carter's title and anthony browne's ?
how long did the team stay in first place ?
what is the difference in the total score between first and second place ?
what is the difference in gross capacity between the ignalina-1 and the chernobyl-6 ?
what is the difference between the number of awards won in 1988 and the number of awards won in 1995 ?
what is the difference in speed for the gmt-class and the te-class ?
what is the difference in the meters for the 1985 competition and the 1987 competition ?
what was the difference between the number of laps alex figge completed and the number of laps that will power completed ?
what is the difference, in years, between the length of eddie giacomin's career and mark messier ?
what is the difference between the total amount of medals won by qatar and indonesia ?
how many more gold medals must qatar win before they can earn 12 gold medals ?
how many more more bronze medals did russia earn than china ?
what is the difference between the number of employees at mundelein elementary school district 75 and fremon school district 79 ?
what was the difference in vote percent between 1968 and 1974 ?
what was the difference in score for the tenth game of the season against the oakland raiders ?
how many more people live in clear creek township than columbia township in ellsworth county, kansas ?
how many more gold medals did jamaica win compared to cuba ?
how many more bronze medals did canada earn than venezuela ?
what is the difference of stations available between the higashiyama line and the kamiida line ?
what was the difference in gold medals between russia and china ?
what is the difference between the gold medals won by china and its total medal winnings ?
what was the difference between the fastest and slowest speed during the year ?
how many more medals did egypt win than ivory coast ?
what is the difference between france's and egypt's silver medals ?
candle in the wind had how many more sales than freed from desire ?
how many more sales did elton john have than lou bega ?
what is the difference in sales from the highest sales to the lowest sales ?
what is the difference between the caps of henry carlsson and borge leander ?
what is the score difference for the game in week 10 ?
how much higher was the attendance in week 15 as compared to in week 14 ?
the difference between the 1 rank defenses and days
what is the difference in combined defenses between hiroshi tanahashi and kensuke sasaki ?
what is the difference in points scored during the november 19, 1978 against the denver broncos ?
what's the difference in age between luis estrella martinez and edgardo rivera garcia ?
what is difference in points between c.d. aguila and chalatenango ?
what is the difference between the number of goals scored from the highest scoring team and the lowest scoring team ?
the difference in years from 1882 to 1889
what is the difference between the obama# and mccain# in benton county ?
how many more silver medals did russian win than denmark ?
how many more silver medals did the united states win compared to russia ?
how many years difference is there between the listings for bass boarding house and ora blanchard house ?
what is the difference between 2008 and 2009 score ?
what is the difference (in years) between the time "swat 4" was released and the time "swat force" was released ?
south korea has how many more medals that north korea ?
how many more gold medals does china have over france ?
what is the difference between the player with the most experience and the least amount of experience ?
how many more games did allan houston play than mark jackson ?
what's the difference between horne's votes in marin and his votes in santa cruz ?
what is the difference in medals for fiji and tonga ?
what is the difference of silver medals between south africa and kenya ?
what was the difference in medal count between slovakia and mexico ?
how many more medals has slovakia wopn in comparison to germany ?
what is the difference in gold medals earned between russia and great britain ?
what was the difference between spain's winners and germany's winners ?
what is the difference in attendance between the first two games in september ?
how many more locks does caledonian canal have compared to aberdeenshire canal ?
what was the difference in win percentage between john pawlowski and porter grant ?
what is the difference between the year clio left and atherton left ?
how many more games were released in 2005 than 2003 ?
how many more consoles can bionicle heroes be played on than bionicle: the game ?
how many more years did d. v. graves serve compared to j. f. jenkins ?
what is the difference in silver medals between china and chinese taipei ?
what is the difference in apparent magnitude between m31 and m33 ?
what is the population size difference between akrar and dalur ?
what is the difference of payout on 3 credits, between a straight flush and royal flush ?
what is the difference in the nearest current distance and farthest current distance ?
what was the difference in score between fuzzy zoeller and larry nelson ?
what's the difference in year dissolved between abingdon abbey and bardsey abbey ?
how many more bronze medals were awarded than silver ?
what is the numerical difference of total medals between the countries with the most and least amount of medals ?
what is the difference in the tonage between the queen mary and media ?
what is the difference in chart position between "bleach" and "you & me" ?
what is the difference in the crowd population on april 22 and april 29 ?
what was the difference in rank between the u.s. and canada ?
what is the difference in position from the year 2007 and 2008 ?
what is the difference between dennis rodman's offensive rebounds and robert parish offensive rebounds ?
what is the difference in 2012 gdp between albania and algeria ?
what is the difference in the gdp (usd bin) in 2012 between algeria and comoros ?
what was the difference in the first and second leg for belgium ?
what is the difference in points between the finalists and average in iowa ?
what was the difference in attendance from week 1 and week 12 ?
how many more passengers flew to los angeles than to saskatoon from manzanillo airport in 2013 ?
the difference in passengers between los angeles and toronto
how long (rounded to the nearest month), was it between jari litmanen's first international goal and second international goal ?
what is the score difference between 6th place and 2nd place ?
what is the difference in score between first place and eighth place ?
what is the difference in total number of medals between india and nepal ?
how many more gold medals has nepal won than pakistan ?
how many more silvers did italy win compared to the united states ?
how many more medals did italy win than the soviet union ?
during the 1951 world ice hockey championships, what was the difference between the first and last place teams for number of games won  ?
how much longer is the 20th tour de france stage than the 19th ?
what is the difference in medals between cuba and mexico ?
how much greater is the height of cable over ground measurement for the peak 2 peak gondola when compared with that of the vanoise express ?
how many more total appearances did shigeo yaegashi have than mitsuo kamata ?
what is the difference in years between constiuency 1 and 2 ?
what is the difference in size (cents) for tridecimal major third and whole tone, minor tone ?
what's the difference in meters between the 2004 and 2009 competitions ?
how many months had more than 55 favor votes ?
what is the difference between his greatest amount of yearly winnings and his least ?
what is the difference between the greatest winnings and the least winnings ?
what is the difference in height between garreth lodge and thomas pearson ?
what is the difference between the length of english canyon and the length of munger creek ?
what is the difference in rank between nancy pelosi and john boehner ?
what was the difference between the attendance in week two and the attendance in week one ?
what is the difference in square miles from angus and fife ?
prema katha won more than how many awards compared to aaha ?
what was the difference in final score between russia and denmark in 2011 ?
how much more are the weekly collections from cathedral of christ the king than most blessed sacrament catholic church ?
how many more casualties occurred on may 6 compared to may 4 ?
what's the difference between the hardness of diamond and the hardness of white sapphire ?
on october 17th, what was the difference of the game's scores ?
how many more bronze medals does france have compared to russia ?
what is the difference between germany and spains total medals ?
what was the difference in points in the game on october 30th against bury ?
how many days difference was there between the release of perverted desire shoko goto and fetish world ?
what is the difference in runners-up from coleraine academical institution and royal school dungannon ?
what's the difference between adam cole's first run and his second run ?
how many more points did kallithea score in the first leg of the second round of the 198485 greek cup than the second leg ?
what is the difference between marcellino lucchi's points and max biaggi's points ?
how many more people attended the november 18, 1993 games than the november 9th game ?
how many more seasons was prokom trefl either champion or runner-up than zepter slask wroclaw ?
between the topped ranked airport, netherlands - amsterdam, & spain - palma de mallorca, what is the difference in the amount of passengers handled ?
what is the difference between the qualfying time in 1967 and 1965 ?
what was the difference in attendance between july 7 and july 8 ?
bedford scored ______ more points than plymouth albion on the 2 april 2005 game.
what's the difference between bedford's score on 12 march 2005 and their score on 2 april 2005 ?
how many more seats were available in 1975 than 1963 ?
what is the difference of the number of won games between stade toulousain and ca brive ?
what is the difference in the total points for the club biarritz olympique and su agen ?
what is the difference in employees for rank 1 and rank 3 ?
what is the number difference between the total amount of executions in persona vs. executions in effigie ?
how many more points did jan hendrickx have than marco happich during the 2007 season ?
how many more points did position 1 have than position 7 ?
how many days are between the first and last program dates ?
what is the difference of weight between the maria bell and the carolus bell ?
the difference in time between junior fatu and kaz ?
what is the difference in points between first and last place ?
what is the difference between the sales of "think twice" and "back for good" ?
what is the difference in age between palo vanoli and marc kalenga ?
what is the difference between suicides in poland and sudetendeutsch ?
what is the difference in population between enping and heshan ?
what is the difference between the number of total medals the first place nation won and the total number of medals the second place nation won ?
what is the difference in the number of mobile prefixes between the company with the most and the company with the least ?
what is the difference in tonnes between the malabar class and the ut507 class ?
what is the difference in years in service of the taymyr and the arktika ?
what is the difference in years between the first ship put into service and the last ?
what was the difference in hurdle length for the olympic games 2008 and the olympic games 2008 ?
what is the difference of points in the game between birmingham city and wrexham ?
what is the difference between the team ranking of the 1998-99 season and the 2003-04 season ?
what was the difference between the two teams' scores in the 2006 ohio state vs. army game ?
for the date of death, how many years difference is there for frank churchill compared to allen davey ?
what is difference in points between valentino rossi and dani pedrosa ?
how many more medals did india earn compared to pakistan ?
how many more hungarians lived in the serbian banat region than romanians in 1910 ?
what was the difference between the number of germans living in the serbian banat in 1931 and 1948 ?
what was the difference in laps between position 1 and position 24 ?
what is the difference in attendance on november 7th and october 17th ?
what is the difference between the area of san cristobal and puerto plata ?
what is the difference between the population of san juan and sanchez ramirez ?
how many more strokes were in the klm open than the barclays scottish open ?
how many years has it been since the first and last japanese title was made ?
how much taller in oliver venno than rait rikberg ?
what was the difference in attendance between the broncos' most-attended game and their least attended game ?
what is the difference in percentage of lead shot at 25 yards between cylinder and skeet 1 barrels ?
what is the difference between the number of successful defenses by joe calzaghe and robert stieglitz ?
how many more silver medals did gillis grafstr?m have compared to sonja henie ?
how many more roles did jon stewart have in 1997 compared to 2007 ?
how many more kw of power does the en71 use than the en57 ?
how many more votes did athens receive than stockholm in round 1 ?
what is the difference in number of spectators between the best attended match and least attended match (of all matches listed) ?
how many more points did erik zabel score than franciso ventoso ?
what is the difference between the highest average high temperature and the lowest average low temperature in burbank, california ?
what is the difference in attendance between november 5 and november 25
which was the higher attended event in 2006, animazement or animethon ?
has the earthquake commission or the charities commission been around longer ?
which monitoring department is listed the most ?
which ethnicity has more followers of islam: tatar or tajik ?
which year had more venues, 2007 or 2012 ?
which party gained more seats: the radical civic union or the democratic progressive party ?
who had a higher score in 3 balls, 2 ribbons, ukraine or bulgaria ?
who came in earlier, tony maggs or jo siffert ?
who came in first ?
which tournament was attended by more people, ucl on july 13th or supercup on july 17th ?
which game was attended by more people, august 7 or september 22 ?
which month had more games played, january or december ?
what region is listed at the top ?
which county has a higher population, alamance or alexander ?
who received more votes, duncan hunter or alan keyes ?
which coach listed started first ?
which was better selling, hunningolla or vain elamaa ?
which mine was open longer, golden giant or beanland mine ?
which district has a higher population, angul or cuttack ?
which song is the only one that is shorter than "where the spirit is?"
who scored better in the 1995 fifa world cup denmark or the united states ?
has she been in more films in telugu or hindi ?
which language has madhurima spoken more often in films: malayalam or telugu ?
which driver was listed as the winning driver more than any other driver ?
what was the total number of fastest laps that peggen andersson completed ?
which horse is older, greek scholar or irish day ?
which horse was older, brown diamond or flamecap ?
which was a higher scoring game, game #1 or #7 ?
what was the fastest time in the competition ?
which race was faster, 1990 or 1993 ?
which country had more athletes, belarus or lithuania ?
which location had more tournaments, oldsmar or los angeles ?
which is older, 10-13 or 18-21 ?
who had more tosses, adamson or pup stars ?
out of all their times, which one was fastest ?
who was the fastest, iceland or finland ?
which competitor was slower, hrafnhildur luthersdottir or jenna laukkanen ?
who had a faster time, katharina stiberg or ivana ninkovic ?
which building has more floors than the landmark hotel ?
what was the fastest car ?
who weighs more, dexter fields or ovie soko ?
who drank more beer, quebec or northwest territories ?
who was taller, justin knox or john henson ?
who has a higher total, brendan cummins or ger cuddy ?
what is the better season, 2005/06 or 2006/07 ?
which was scuttled earlier, ha-206 or ha-208 ?
which athlete had the fastest time ?
how many athletes were faster than bill chisholm ?
which record is older, ilyin's or akhmetov's ?
who has served longer, regi van acker or dante brogno ?
who served as manager longer--francis bosschaerts or peter maes ?
which game had more scorers, november 18 or december 2 ?
what kind of chassis and engine did the fastest driver drive ?
which bridge is longer, old youngs bay bridge or ellsworth street bridge ?
which bridge is longer--old youngs bay bridge or oregon city bridge ?
what was her peak ranking in the us for the single "it wasn't god who made honky tonk angles" ?
which location has more total km, kelsterbach or stadion ?
which country had more drivers representing them, the us or germany ?
who served more terms in office, mauno koivisto or martti ahtisaari ?
which was released earlier, atomic or last dayz ?
who won more races, the usa or canada ?
who won more races in 2013, oscar sevilla or oscar sanchez ?
which race from 2013 had a higher uci rating, tour de san luis or tour of california ?
which team scored higher as the home team, ayr united or morton ?
who has more artist credits, mink or willy ?
what was the last season the leinster senior club hurling championships was won by a score differential of less than 11 ?
has she won more doubles tournaments on clay or on hard ?
who coached more seasons: ed sabre or mack erwin ?
which game had a higher attendance, the october 15 1921 game or the october 22 2921 game ?
who reigned longer, geunchogo or chaekgye ?
who had the fastest lap at the german grand prix ?
which model provides a larger hard drive: model 01 or model 02 ?
which team has won more, swansea city or west ham united ?
which school has a higher enrollment, clemson university or virginia tech ?
which team was faster: germany or russia ?
which game had more in attendance, 11/28 or 12/08 ?
what sport has more silver medals: wrestling or rowing
which yacht launched first: cougar ii or aurora ?
which team has made the roll of honour more times in the east region south division: fauldhouse united or newtongrange star ?
which year was more successful, 2010 or 2013 ?
who was the fastest swimmer ?
in what year did ifk receive their best finish ?
which chip has the larger flash size, at90s/ls4434 or at90s8515 ?
what is his/her best ranking season ?
what was the team's best season ?
which prison is designed to hold more prisoners. kosh or erebuni ?
how many swimmers swam faster than 1:03.59 ?
what was the uci rating of the last race of the tour ?
who was the winner of the first race on the tour ?
how long did the tour of libya last ?
what was the name of the person who finished the 2012 budapest half marathon the fastest ?
name of athlete who came in first in heat 1 of the women's 200 metres
only state senator who caucuses with idc whose last name ends in 'v'
which country's riders won more races: germany or australia ?
what did he do more - win or finish as a runner-up ?
what team came in second to last place ?
who placed the highest, italy or germany ?
which stadium has the second largest capacity in canada ?
which country has the most stadiums with a capacity of more than 70,000 ?
what was the number of qb's selected in the first round ?
first round pick calvin johnson went to which college ?
number of quarterbacks picks in the first round
how long is the duration of one season (from the first game to the last) ?
what are the number of times super league appears under the top rugby league level column ?
what time slot did the show have for its first 6 episodes ?
the most populated city
where have they played more often, palau track and field stadium or the yap sports complex ?
which wrestler had his first reign on june 16, 2007 ?
what was natalia lesz's most popular song, according to the polish charts ?
her best time for the 1500 m was 4:04.06 in 2013. what was her previous best time ?
who has the most and best score ?
to whom did brock lesnar lose his first fight ?
in what year did the fiba south america under-17 championship for women first begin ?
which year had a higher position, 2008 or 2004 ?
who was the top scorer after sukhrob nematov ?
how many years was shodiev the top scorer ?
the number of times alisher kholigov was the top scorer in the league ?
which composition spanned a longer period from beginning of composition to premiere- elektra, or intermezzo ?
how many times did sd ponferradina b come in better than 5th place ?
who is the faster runner ?
who had her best score in cycling ?
which nation had more bronze medals: algeria, tunisia or egypt ?
what year built is at the top ?
which opponent did the comets win more matches against: the delhi wizards or the karnataka lions ?
what was the first number one song of 2014 ?
which boat builder is the most popular ?
what is the name of the company at the top of the chart ?
who were the 6 teams to play in the first leg of the 2011 caf u-23 championship qualification ?
what country ranks in first place ?
which year did western division had the larger win
which game had more in attendance, cardiff city or reading ?
when is the next date after the first one on the top ?
how many months did operation maritime monitor last ?
which stage was longer, 3 or 8 ?
which was released earlier, mark 1 or distributor ?
who had more silver medals, cuba or brazil ?
which works number had a larger gauge, 283 or 317 ?
before the 2000 olympic games what was johanna's fastest 200m time ?
who had more gold medals, russia or georgia ?
which game was higher scoring by nebraska, sept 1 or sept 8 ?
who was elected earlier, amedee or cortez ?
who was the only louisiana state senator first elected in 2005 ?
who had more steals than any other player ?
which of the four regions finished most often in the first round ?
who has the fastest recorded finish for the men's bupa great south run, between 1990 and 2013 ?
larger parish
how long from the first election date did the elections go on ?
which president is listed at the top of the chart ?
who became winning couple for the first time in week 6 ?
who appeared on more albums, maccoll or kornog ?
who has more electorates, khargapur or niwari ?
what country had more winning riders than italy ?
total population of millbrook first nation
which mountain peak is no higher than 13,149 ft ?
which league won the most consecutive years ?
who shot the best 73 m
who is at the top of the chart ?
which team is the next opponent following the first loss of the season ?
how many times has belarus been first runner-up ?
which party had more staying councilors ?
what was the total number of people who attended the first game of the season ?
add up the total number of points scored in the last wins for boise state.
how many solar saros events lasted longer than 4 minutes ?
how many partial members will occur before the first annular ?
how long did 18 last ?
when did the first solar saros with a magnitude of greater than 1.00 occur ?
which team had the fastest time ?
did kaseorg compete in the decathlon or the heptathlon in his first race ?
what was the first olympic games in which indrek kaseorg competed ?
who is taller, the delegate from jalapa or from villa nueva ?
which team came in second to last place ?
what team other than maccabi tel aviv placed 1st last season ?
which year had more laps, 1988 or 1985 ?
what is the number of cities in new jersey on the top ten list ?
in the last season 2011-2012 what was the teams finishing place ?
which project location has a higher number of arrays, north county or deer park ?
how many countries won more than 3 bronze metals ?
who had more total wins, eui-jong or se-hyun ?
who raced the fastest ?
who performed better, toshida or young-sun ?
who had the next best time after dusmetova.
which athlete finished the first race but did not finish the second race ?
what number of airlines use the first letter of their name in their icao ?
which team was larger than the rest ?
how long was the fastest time in the race ?
who had the slowest time in the race ?
which year end ranking was higher, 2004 or 2011 ?
in what year was the best year end ranking achieved ?
which conference ws longer, 2008 or 2010 ?
what was the average age of the first three on the list ?
which year had more deaths, 1998 or 2006 ?
there are the same number of centers as what other position on the team ?
what are the total number of points scored by the first place team ?
what is the top speed of the class 08
what is the name of the trainer of the first place horse ?
who is in first place ?
who scored better, strange or frost ?
name each of the first place players
who ruled longer, zhao or zhaoxiang ?
what is the total amount of attendance between the first and second weeks ?
which year was more successful, 2007 or 2002 ?
in what season did visby if gute fk finish first in division 2 tier 3 ?
which year had a higher round placement, 2006 or 2010 ?
who received more points, alex debon or toni elias ?
who came in first place in 1966 ?
name the only candidate that was first elected in 1811.
tell me the number of people first elected in 1817.
which had the higher top speed, the prium 1.5 a or the trumpf 1.5 av ?
which name appears more often, kottern or bayreuth ?
how many flags other than france (the first flag) are represented ?
which morgan creek film grossed the most worldwide ?
which state had a more recent execution take place delaware or mississippi ?
how long has it been since the first hanging occurred ?
alabama last put someone to death in 2013 what was its means of execution ?
what was the next most commonly spoken language in poland after russian ?
how many times was first place listed as the position ?
what model has the same height as the mega disk'o ?
which athlete had the best mark before renate culmberger ?
which athlete am in next with the best mark after galina zybina ?
which artist had almost no points ?
what are the number of times an artist earned first place ?
how many goals did the flyers allow in the 1973-74 season, the least in the league ?
what was the best year for profit before 2010 ?
of the ten tallest buildings in oakland, which was not built in the last 75 years ?
of the top 10 most heavily populated census subdivisions in 2011, how many located were in ontario ?
which album contained the most successful song in the charts ?
who was the most favorite actor the year before nicholas saputra ?
what number of years has the most favourite movie award been given ?
what is the only movie to win best scary scene before kuntilanak did ?
what won best film previous to janji joni ?
how many years has the best crying scene award been given ?
what two peaks are taller than dumlong ?
which college was the most attended by players ?
which country earned the best amount of points after the first ?
what persian unit is more than a league ?
what was whitney's best year for her album whitney in which she won the most rewards ?
what year did he score more goals than any other year ?
if you lined the contestants up by height with shortest first and tallest last, which contestant would be next after carolina ayala cromen ?
how many consecutive years did he score more than 2 goals ?
in 2009, which competitor finished faster - the male or the female ?
which division placed more than aficio 1a and 3a ?
how many times did internacional de madrid cf end the season at the top of their division ?
which diver score more final points than ingrid kramer ?
which building in canada was the first to be taller than 200m ?
which ship in auckland had the fastest speed in knots ?
who had two consecutive performances as the first half play by play broadcaster ?
what is the total number of tracks on 2005 best of benassi bros. featuring dhany ?
how many tracks are there on the 2005 best of benassi bros. album ?
what is the most recent award nujoma received ?
which of the boats listed is the fastest ?
how long did the at&t strike of 2012 last ?
which show was the winningest ?
which album had the most chart-reaching singles ?
which nation has more gold medals, kuwait or india ?
which country has the most fastest lap winners ?
in the 2003 summer universiade, which countries had more gold medals than japan ?
how many employees does the first three employers have combined ?
most prevalent school
how many consecutive wins took place before they lost their first time ?
how many miss northern ireland winners have made it to the top 30 placement at miss world since 2000 ?
what contestant was the only titleholder to place in the top 15 at miss world ?
who was the last woman to win the title of miss northern ireland to achieve a top 30 placement at miss world ?
who had the greater score in 2012, stanford or usc ?
the 1987 syracuse orangemen football team scored their largest number of points in a game conducted on october 24th, 1987 at the carrier dome in syracuse, ny; who was the oposing team in that match ?
who has won more championships, serena williams or lisa raymond ?
before 2010 what was their best position ?
which competitor only lasted two weeks ?
when was peter little's last day in office ?
which race, other than texas motor speedway, did tony stewart finish the fastest ?
which license is listed more, os or c ?
what song is longer in terms of time, "it's murda" or "son of niah" ?
tom terrific and the franchise are nicknames of this same player
in the irish national final for the eurovision song contest in 1990, which artist won more points than linda martin and friends ?
what is the least fastest aircraft ?
what is the next fastest after the rocket-powered aircraft ?
who directed the first episode of psi factor: chronicles of the paranormal ?
no team has more cup wins than this team ?
who was named first team all american goalkeeper the year after stefan frei ?
who was named first team all american as the top goalkeeper in 1988 ?
what college had the most first team all americans in 2011 ?
how many parts where first released to the public in 2003 ?
how long is anton lyuboslavskiy's fartherst show in a competition ?
in what country did lyuboslavskiy have his best performance ?
which had greater attendance, solider field or lambeau field ?
compare the chart positions between the us and the uk for the science of selling yourself short, where did it do better ?
in 1926 brazilian football,aside from the first place team, what other teams had winning records ?
the average silver medal count of the first five ranked nations ?
what was the best position achieved at the olympic games after the 1996 atlanta games ?
after 2000, how many times has yelena koshcheyeva finished first ?
what was the most populous neighborhood in calgary in 2012 ?
how many matches were played at ballymore, brisbane ?
who won the highest amount of rugby matches between new zealand and wales for the last 100 years ?
in which year did rugby union matches between new zealand and wales occur most frequently ?
who scored more points, larry johnson or charlie ward ?
who had more votes in marin county, feinstein or seymour ?
which nations have a larger amount of silvers won than golds ?
which african country had more total medal wins then nigeria ?
which nation won more gold medals than south africa ?
total number of venues that hosted first and second round games.
which has a higher enrollment? brown or columbia ?
scotland played their first match of the 1951 british home championship against which team ?
who won more total medals? japan or china ?
which name had a higher number? smith or johnson ?
what is the number of last names listed that have an english origin ?
which collection was the most collectable ?
where is there a population larger than klaksvik ?
what's the best type of four of a kind to win ?
who had the highest single game attendance of the team's averaging less than 500 ?
which player came in first place ?
name one of the top three women to earn gold at the 1970 world championship held in phoenix, az
which song did better on the uk singles chart, "til the day" or "bleach" ?
what country ranks the best in most categories ?
which flight was the least successful of the h-ii flights ?
who ruled longer, ali saibou or mamadou tandja ?
which engines are the same as the first entry ('89 u12 bluebird ltd) ?
when was the last race that was timed at greater than 10 seconds ?
how many first place regular season finishes did the team have from 2004-2013
who had the fastest lap time ?
pulse was the first album what was the second ?
which townships in pope county, arkansas have larger land area than smyrna township ?
which organization has more television channels in nambour, queensland, nine network or australian broadcasting commission ?
who discussed a larger amount of events between matthew and mark ?
which team had more titles, michigan state or colorado college ?
who scored more points in the second round of the uefa cup ?
how many times did they make it to the first round ?
who got more votes? nationals sa or independent ?
which team won more matches, finland or norway ?
which country performed better during the 1951 world ice hockey championships, switzerland or great britain ?
which country had more stage-winners than any other country ?
what was the best winning score ?
who had more silvers? colmbia or the bahamas
what year was the best year end ranking in ?
which year had a better regular season finish, 2006 or 2012 ?
what year was more successful, 2012 or 2007 ?
what is the number of times the lions have placed 5th or better in the regular season ?
who lived longer evelyn irons or arturo islas ?
which gay, lesbian, or bisexual famous person with a last name from i-j is from the same country as maja ivarsson ?
what is each interval name with a size (cents) greater than 500 ?
what is the highest just (cents) for an interval with a size (cents) less than 500 ?
who hosted more often, europe or asia ?
who had the fastest ski time ?
in what two years did wu tao win consecutively in first position ?
what was mayer's best result: i.e his longest throw ?
between 2009 and 2010, which driver had the larger amount of points ?
what is the first year steve grissom had a top 5 finish in the nation wide series ?
how many people were head of the medici longer than piero i de'medici ?
compared to the oval, holm park holds more or less attendees at capacity ?
what is the difference between the stadium capacity at taylor's avenue and the stadium capacity at dixon park ?
what is the name of the top priced winnebago model ?
the only position that san diego drafted more than one of.
which team had the first pick ?
list each big 12 school with a player drafted in the first round.
what is the total number of pics from the big east in the first two rounds ?
which public middle school in hawaii was established most closely after washington middle school ?
who scored more, portugalete or valencia ?
what is the difference between the population of ovada and the population of serravalle scrivia ?
which city is the most densely populated ?
list each of the schools that came in 2nd for cws best finish.
list the schools that came in last place in the cws best finish.
how many teams had their cws best finish in 1955 ?
which game date had a higher attendance? february 8, 2009 or april 4, 2009 ?
who was the top driver in round 14 ?
who had the fastest lap in the last grand prix of the season ?
what are the categories at the top of the table ?
in the 2008 rally new zealand, which driver was faster, solberg or gardemeister ?
who has been elected more often, shri tej bhadur or shri anish ahemd khan ?
how many series lasted longer than 100 days ?
how many seasons lasted more than 100 days ?
what is listed as the passenger percentage difference for the year 2011 ?
which author had all of his titles' first edition lengths above 300 pp ?
except for the first first rank, how many alternates are there for each rank ?
before 1986 how many korac cup last 16 were there in europe ?
what was the last year 3rd place finished with less than 25 points ?
what material has the top or best thermal conductivity based on the information in the table ?
marek le&#347;niak's first international goal was scored against what country ?
before the jackson state loss, when was their last loss ?
who was the only nation with more total medals than belgium ?
how many mayors of anglet town served for longer than the previous mayor ?
the first song on prophets vs. profits is called what ?
who completed more laps, phil hill or richard attwood ?
which city has more in their built-up area than any other ?
who is the slowest athlete in run 2 ?
how many athlete's first run was between 51 and 52 seconds ?
which athlete had the fastest run ?
what artist has more music appear in the show, daft punk or franz ferdinand ?
which has a larger diagonal: super 8mm film or imax ?
what percent of the population were romanians according to the last year on this chart ?
between the uup party and the dup party, which had more votes in the 1996 forum ?
how many riders were faster than massimo ottobre ?
which nba team has more retired jerseys than any other nba team ?
who has a larger amount of championships as a plk medalist ?
how has won the first championship after gdynia won 3 in a row ?
where is the most popular destination for passengers leaving london southend airport ?
how many more goals did he have in 2009 than 2005 ?
what was his best finish before his first win ?
what junction is the furthest from mahanayim junction ?
what is the top city listed on the table ?
who was the sheriff in suffolk county before amza biggs first term there as sheriff ?
which teams have more wins that werder bremen ?
who had the least gold medals but the most silver medals ?
what is the deepest lake ?
which lake has the deepest max depth ?
in what year between 1997 and 2000 did julian golding, the sprinter representing the united kingdom and england finish first in both the 4 x 100 m relay and the 200 metres race ?
who has the larger gdp growth angola or ethiopia ?
seychelles and guinea-bissau have the same total gdp (nominal) of  ?
which network aired more shows about characters with hiv than cbs ?
who was the only player picked in the top ten ?
what was the number of finalist in the first season ?
what is the name of the heaviest bell ?
prior to helsinki marathon what previous race did the runner place first ?
list the contents at the top of the table.
which team had the most consecutive wins ?
which had a longer barrel, the remington-beals army or navy model revolver in 1861 ?
who had a higher score: craig stadler or joe inman ?
how many songs reached position 1 at their highest point ?
in what year was galen r. clagett first elected into the western maryland delegation ?
which year was the number of wins the highest ?
who was the only rider with more points than doriano romboni ?
how many points did the first place finisher receive ?
which team's score was better than sanaye arak ?
the two best positions in which kazlou has ranked in major world competition were ________ and ______.
who had a larger transfer fee? gavin rae or bajram fetai ?
the united states launched the first ship, but what type was it ?
which country had the larger death tole ?
which season(s) earned first place ?
when is the last year that the team has been division 2 ?
how many times total did they finish first
which tier was ud alzira a part of the least ?
what is the most populated district ?
how many more goals did archie thompson score than billy celeski ?
who has scored more goals than any other melbourne player ?
how many more general acute care hospitals are there in california than rehabilitation hospitals ?
how much larger (in number of beds) was the largest hospital in california than the 50th largest ?
when was joe clark first elected ?
how many more people live in dennery than the forest reserve ?
how many athletes were faster than 12.40 seconds ?
when was the score higher for the winning team, 1959 or 1960 ?
what was the point difference between the two teams in 1975 ?
which is larger(acres) carver's rocks or cawdo quarry
how many medals were won by the top three teams ?
last year to make over 1000000
looking at the top of the table, what is the name of the first quarry listed, and what year did it close ?
which terminal was longer (quay length) than terminal 8 west ?
how many times did david oliver finish first in the 110m hurdles after 2008 ?
what were the number of competitions that had a position of first ?
how many consecutive competitions did david oliver place first in running the 100m hurdles ?
how many times did erbedija win best foreign performer between 1994 and 2012 ?
how many times did erbedija win best actor between 1994 and 2012 ?
how many more challenges were there in 2014-2015 than in 2006-2007 ?
when was their best finish ?
shelley jensen directed how many more episodes than madeline cripe ?
who scored more points, cardiff or denmark ?
who won more gold medals than spain ?
did he act longer on sinndoor tere naam ka or saat phere ?
who won more awards? walt disney or james dean ?
who was awarded an oscar for best sound for two films in the same year - king kong and rocky ?
who has been nominated for the most posthumous academy awards
how many teams were ended in the last ten years ?
how many teams are in the top five positions ?
who is the only player in the top 26 picks that was from louisiana state university ?
who was the last player selected in the first round of the 1989 major league baseball draft ?
how many pitchers were chosen in the first round of the 1989 major league baseball draft ?
which submarine was from the uk and was almost at 2,000 in tonnage ?
what was the top (most frequent) fate reported for losses ?
what is the least populated municipality in camarines sur ?
what is the most populated city in camarines sur ?
jones won best actress in a play in 2005. which other award did she win that year ?
total number of times she was nominated for 'best actress in a play' by the tony awards ?
who had more draws? south korea or north korea ?
how many times did a can-i-bus album reach the top 10 on the us charts ?
how many americans were in the top 10 ?
how many more appearances on fuji tv were there than tbs ?
the percent of toyotas in the top ten.
simona armstrong is how much older than leanne dobinson ?
what was the score of the top game ?
which was the last year that the supercup got canceled ?
which club had more midfield (mf) players on the national team: aik solna or ifk norrkoping ?
which symbol is listed at the top of the jamo column ?
which country had the larger total of births ?
what was the total attendance at the end of the last week ?
who had more gold medals than the soviet union ?
what is the number of times the title reign was longer than 3 years ?
who is the most recent representative of maryland's 3rd congressional district ?
which record is faster, 50km race walk or marathon
what country's 200 m was the quickest ?
which town name is the best if you want an area with the largest square miles ?
which film did she receive the academy award for best actress and golden globe award for best actress-motion picture drama ?
which katyusha launcher has the best range ?
which is the most popular single on the album ?
which afl captain was also considered the best and fairest during the '04 premiers ?
which ritu has the most seasonal festivals ?
how long does grishma last ?
who has spent more time as nwa world heavyyweight champion, gene kiniski or ric flair ?
which album is the best performing on the us charts ?
did athens or rome receive more votes in round 3 ?
what year was he most featured in shows ?
which team has best percentage of titles to runner up finishes ?
how long did michael jackson hold the top spot ?
which is the most recent source for the name ?
name the second highest grossing film of 1977.
what is the most recent institution to gain university status ?
which is the best area to find a pinus ponderosa with the longest needles ?
name the first and last states to secede.
what were the first and last movies greenstreet acted in ?
how many more votes did the liberal democratic league win over the free-thinking democratic league ?
name the top three parties ?
who were the top 3 finishers in the 2005 belgian grand prix ?
when month were most of the songs recorded on this album ?
after the dissolution of the 37th parliament of canada how many more house members did the new democratic party have ?
when was mandy patinkin nominated for the saturn award for best supporting actor ?
which driver came in first place during the bellsouth mobility 320 but last place in the carquest auto parts 300 ?
which woman had the best time ?
what canton is the most populated ?
in which year was jeff daniels nominated for both the satellite award for best actor in a tv series drama and for a screen actors guild award for outstanding performance by a male actor in a drama series ?
which month is the best for someone who enjoys the rain ?
which author had a poem on this list with the first line "as it fell upon day" and also a poem that starts with "if music and sweet poetry agree".
how many secretaries of state had the last name bouchard ?
compare the scottish national party to the conservative and determine which party had their leaders in office for a longer time.
which leader served more years, william leslie, or joyce shannon ?
which party had its first leader in 1974 and last leader in 1980 ?
which role is the most common from all the titles ?
which is the least successful film ?
which film was the best in terms of profit for walt disney productions ?
who is the most high-grossing director of 1965 ?
which event is the most recurring on this list ?
which month is the most popular month for concerts at the old trafford cricket ground ?
based on sales figures, what auryn album is the most popular ?
which city in wisconsin is the most populous, based on the 2010 census ?
which mayor of airan also held the position of first secretary for the minister of finance ?
the first five implied probabilities of elias gamma coding.
what team had the best gd ?
which party, democratic or republican, has a better ratio of active to inactive voters ?
what year was mick jagger's best of album released ?
what play was wanamaker nominated for best actress in a revival in 1984 ?
what play was wanamaker nominated for best featured in a play in 1981 ?
are more managers from costa rica or brazil ?
did the black population grow more or less than the white population (as a percent of total population) ?
was the asian population in 2005 more or less than it was in 2000 ?
are there more christian russians or ukrainians in kazakhstan ?
were more episodes written by michael piller & bill dial or by bob shane & ron friedman ?
did the olympic trials or the american cup have more events ?
was he nominated more than he actually won ?
was attendance higher during week 5 or week 9 ?
was the result of the game on the 2nd the same as the game on the 23rd ?
did 1979 or 1985 have the larger finish place ?
did austria win more games in 1992 or 1996 ?
does david farrington park have a larger capacity than porritt stadium ?
does vitonen or kutonen have the larger division ?
were there more locations in mexico or the usa ?
according to this chart, did the given team win or lose more games when played at notre dame stadium ?
were there more tier fours than tier fives ?
does belgium or france have more people appointed ?
did ajax score more points than porto ?
did she win as an outstanding actress in a daytime drama series more than she lost ?
at the 2006 gran premio telmex, did oriol servia or katherine legge complete more laps ?
was the coventry city or west ham united with the more attendance ?
does 15 august 1987 or 18 august 1987 held the more attendance ?
is medium well more or less red than well done ?
is the sample size of siena more or less than the sample size of quinnipiac ?
were there more with inside or outside cylinders ?
was there more clay surfaces used than hard surfaces ?
did she play in more matches in 2007 or 2008 ?
does mack erwin have more or less wins than fred montsdeoca ?
are there more wins by submission, or tko ?
is denmark better against sweden or england ?
name a country that is "most free" and has a rank of lower than (005).
does scott tucker have the same nationality as yannick lupine ?
was the morna launched the same year as the toyota aurion ?
was there more downloads in may or october ?
who was faster? maria paris or susan sloan ?
who has competed more years, cuba or canada ?
do the republicans have the same number of elected officials as democrats ?
is the united stated or scotland better ?
did the artist fare better on the us chart or the us r&b chart ?
is wembley stadium or att stadium larger ?
are more of the amateur draft picks from canada or the united states ?
did the season finish at an earlier or later timeslot ?
did the team win or lose more games ?
did great britain have more or less drivers than the united states ?
did japan have more starting appearances in the 2013 eaff east asian cup or 2007 fifa u-17 world cup ?
who was in office longer, venizelos or sioufas ?
did georgetown score more points at the 1940 game against george washington or at the 1941 game against syracuse ?
in puerto villarroel, which language is spoken more, quechua or spanish ?
which has a larger aymara population, tortora or pocona municipalities ?
were the results of the february 17, 1968 game the same as the results of the march 30, 1968 game ?
did they place better in 1987/88 or 1993/94 ?
which season was more successful, 1995/96 or 1996/97 ?
were there more conservative councillors in 1965 or 1966 ?
who had more field goals alwood or woods ?
which player played more games, r.c hass or clyde alwood ?
do the usa rifles on average weigh more or less than the danish rifles ?
which is deeper, lake tuz or lake palas tuzla ?
who had more goals, ross jenkins or nigel gibbs ?
did the hall of fame player awarded the year after tony coton earn more goals than he did ?
who has more number one singles, ed sheeran or ace wilder ?
who has more number ones in 2014, ed sheeran or pitbull ?
is the area of saint helena more than that of nightingale island ?
who finished earlier, hindoocraft or spokane ?
whose horse performed better beverwyck stable's or milton youngs ?
was the margin of victory in the lpga championship the same as in the sunstar classic ?
are there more silver or bronze medals in total ?
which nation won more silver medals, hong kong or syria ?
did we score more in the plymouth argyle game or in the reading game ?
was alec su in more films in 2009 or 2011 ?
did yugoslavia have more, less, or equal deputy judges to china ?
did diego cuenca or eduardo piccinini perform better ?
does pulaski county have more cities beginning with the letter "a" than montgomery county ?
was marco loughran's time more or less than ashley delaney's time ?
who performed better, goddard or francis ?
who took longer to finish, ashley delaney or charles francis ?
did jose have more wins in 1978 or 1979 ?
where any women faster than any men ?
did pastor maldonado compete in more races in 2009 or in 2006 ?
which election cycle yielded more parliament seats won: 1994, or 2001 ?
which table has a higher horiz disp, university of witwatersrand or iit guwahati ?
were there more rounds in the second match or the third match ?
which team got more players, pop cola or gordon's ?
did raymond roche win more or less rounds than fabrizio pirovano ?
did vietnam or south korea had the more silver medals ?
does oruro have more or less uninominal deputies than la paz ?
are there more special indigenous or campesino deputies from cochabamba or chuquisaca ?
did the team finish the same as they did in 1956 ?
which season had a better winning record, 1970 or 1975 ?
which country has more medals, colombia or venezuela ?
was the score in the 1st match between svendborg and goteborgs kvinnliga the same as the score in the secon match ?
was the test method for tensile strength the same as the test method tensile elongation ?
who had more semifinalists, brazil or poland ?
which farm grew the larger amount on 9 feb, gamini maha vidyalayam or nelukkulam kalaimahal maha vidyalayam ?
does air florida have more or less than four aircrafts scheduled ?
which airline has more listed destinations, continental express or america west express ?
who placed higher, bradl or gadea ?
which match was earlier, psycho clown vs super crazy or psycho clown vs x-fly ?
which ran longer, zoo story or loose women ?
which one has a larger width, 8 or 21 ?
who has more premierships, four corners or west milby ?
which stadium holds more people, yeshurun or holon city.
did taiwan receive more or less bronze medals than singapore ?
which route existed longer, us route 630 or us route 30n ?
is oregon route 69 newer than oregon route 90 ?
who had a better singles record, boo-kil or seung-bok ?
whose was on the squad longer, kyu-tae or hee-sung ?
is there a difference between marker name 2 and 4 ?
which region appears more on this list, france or united states ?
are the riders of the camel yamaha team the same as tech 3 yamaha ?
where there more avro 504s or douglas digbys ?
which hawker had more in service. the hawker hart or the hawker hind ?
which is older, 68 west walk or leaden hall ?
did the fighting irish score more on average when they were ranked or when they were unranked ?
did adrienne power or kim wall have a faster time ?
did charles royer hold office longer than paul schell ?
which contestant is older, karol guevara or patricia de leon ?
is koli larger than lemmenjoki ?
are there more players from sweden or canada ?
is 08-0av heavier than 08-0lx ?
in which year did andrea koch benvenuto win more tournaments: 2006 or 2009 ?
was the attendance more or less in the saturday, april 13th game compared to the saturday, may 11th
in 2000 they finished 9th in their division, did they perform better or worse the next season ?
does toronto's population grow more or less than hamilton's ?
what population center has the larger projected increase: detroit or cleveland ?
which song is longer, "turn tha party out" or "only when i'm drunk" ?
which poll source has the larger sample size, chicago sun-times or chicago tribune ?
did true romance make more or less money than diabolique ?
was the budget for young guns more or less than freejack's budget ?
in equal sized portions, do potatoes or plantains contain more grams of protein ?
who served longer, helgi thordersen or geir vidalin ?
were there more guests of honor in 2003 than in 2001 ?
did the song "gitara" or "yesh" earn more points ?
did they win more and home or away ?
did st albans score more goals against ruislip manor or the tufnell spartans ?
which is taller, the aep building or the one columbus center ?
were there more or less people living in ottawa than in vancouver in 2011 ?
which census subdivision has a larger land area, edmonton or winnipeg ?
did he win more at the australian open or indian wells ?
did the australia ii win more or less races than the liberty ?
was the the number of canadian players more or less than the number of other players ?
did the team win more or less games in 1933 than the year before ?
were the gains and losses the same on july 8th, 1964 and may 30, 1963 ?
did the australian labor part get more votes than the independent party ?
did 2001 or 2002 had the more attendence ?
which track was longer in length,"turn me up" or "make me feel" ?
are there at least five tracks featuring sandy on the 2005 best of benassi bros. album ?
is there a points difference between the 9th position and 19th position on the list ?
did the bell system strike last longer in 1971 or 1983 ?
true or false? in comparison, the ethiopian national team has more draws than wins.
which has a higher population density, greater glasgow or falkirk ?
is the number of employees for the village of mundelein more than the mundelien elementary school district 75 ?
does albino have more or less people than stezzano ?
in masters 1000 tournament did the table show more losses than wins ?
was the positioning better the year of the france venue or the year of the south korea venue ?
which country had more competitions, germany or greece ?
does punia have more or less villages than godara ?
is the higashiyama line longer than the meiko line ?
when was the velvet last updated ?
is leonard messel or royalty larger in size ?
which track is longer? "ny weather report" or "country cousins" ?
after the first episode, when was will dixon's next written episode ?
who has more votes in butler county, obama or mccain ?
does grand junction or montrose have more stations ?
did the first ohio/mississippi river confluence happen after 200 bce ?
who won more gold medals, brazil or china ?
did liz larin or ty stone win more categories ?
did the wycombe wanderers have more or less points than the plymouth argyle ?
who had a higher percentage of the votes, clare g. fenerty or william h. wilson ?
does guam have a larger amount of bronze medals than palau ?
are there more private affiliations than presbyterian affiliations ?
did france or croatia have a larger finals total ?
is the number of games he played in 2002 more or less than the amount he played in 2008 ?
did porter grant coach more years than danny doyle ?
according to usgs estimates of mine production, which nation in 2005 produced a larger quantity of niobium mineral production, nigeria or rwanda ?
in 2000, did world mine production according to usgs estimates produce more tons or less tons of output of niobium minerals than in 2002, when a total of 29,900 tons was estimated to have been mined ?
what yea had more proteins 2008 or 1997 ?
how many times was first place won ?
is bionicle heroes available on more/less systems than lego chess ?
does m90 have a higher or lower apparent magnitude than m63 ?
which is a higher standing hand: a straight or a flush ?
is four 5s worth more or less than four 2s ?
is a 2 credit full house the same as a 5 credit three of a kind ?
is capella's current magnitude more than vega's current magnitude ?
is the order of bardney abbey the same as abingdon abbey ?
which has the earlier release date, "till the day" or "2nd amendment" ?
has the dominican republic won more or less medals than china ?
did the team win more home games or away games ?
were more records set in 1978 or 1979 ?
did charles oakley play more minutes than robert parish ?
is the total score for december 26 the same score as january 2 ?
are the wins for finland more/less than their losses at home ?
did the two competitors from hungary get more or less combined points than the two competitors from argentina ?
does der liebeswalzer or man?verkinder contain more acts ?
did the 1990 southern miss golden eagles football team play more games in alabama or louisiana ?
which player is younger, soané falafala or david smith ?
when was the tournament with more strokes than the hertz bay hill classic ?
was russia's url open for more years than singapore's url ?
who had more points takaji mori or junji kawano ?
when was antonio horvath kiss last elected ?
are there more contestants from california or new york on cha$e ?
which has a larger size in steps, a tridecimal major third or a tridecimal neutral third ?
according to this table, did mexico or italy have more 'friendly' competitions against spain ?
did february 2012 or july 2006 have more total votes ?
did the polling firm quinnipiac have the same number of in favor votes as rutgers-eagleton in march a year apart ?
is the vista more than the aspect ?
does clemson or western michigan have more cws appearances ?
which ship lasted longer, jaguar or jersey ?
vasilis goumas or antonis christeas participated in more championships ?
which church had more weekly collections; cathedral of christ the king, or saint brigid catholic church ?
did the tigers win more or less than they lost during this season ?
which track is longer, "money" or "die 4" ?
which is longer, fire or die 4 ?
did shoko goto make more films in 2004 or 2005 ?
does the united states have more nation of citzenship then united kingdom ?
did belfast royal academy have more or less total finals than ballyclare high school ?
who has the most recent title win, campbell college or regent house grammar school ?
does any image frame have the same height as the nokia lumia 720 ?
did the team larissa or the team panathinaikos score more total points ?
does olivier jacque have the same time as tetsuya harada ?
were more concerts played in quebec or in british columbia ?
did pearl jam have more concerts in the u.s. or canada ?
when did bedford score more, 15 february 2005 or 19 february 2005 ?
who had more losses, su agen or rc toulonnais ?
who has more silver medals: karine ruby or shaun white ?
who has won more medals? shaun white or kelly clark ?
does reunion have the same authors as antarctica ?
does barcelona have more or less penanced than madrid ?
which lake is smaller in area km2? albigna lake or oeschinen lake ?
does cadiz or granada have a laerger population ?
did babin record more sacks for houston or for jacksonville ?
has frits pirard won more or less than bert oosterbosch ?
does max biaggi or ralf waldmann have more points ?
did august 3rd and august 4th have the same saves as august 11 ?
were there more cause undetermined or miscellaneous deaths in the baltic states ?
was there a larger total population before expulsion in poland or sudetendeutsch ?
is enping more/less dense than kaiping ?
which weights more a ut507 salvage tug or a ut515 salvage tug ?
was any movie nominated more than fugitive pieces ?
was only nominated for best actor in a supporting role at satellite awards in 2008 ?
did they finish in a better position in portugal or greece ?
did atlantic coast conference have more or less bids than colonial athletic association ?
in the dominican republic, does the province of independencia or the province of barahona have a smaller population ?
did james toseland score more or less points than shinichi nakatomi ?
between the years 1954-2014 did boston university or harvard hold more "runner-up" positions ?
did the anaheim storm win more home or away games ?
how tall is it to the top of the ids tower in feet ?
is the best time for the 100 m more or less than the time for the 110 m hurdles ?
did elvir rhimic score more goals during his time in the anxhi makhachkala club or the cska moscow club ?
did the liberal party of canada have more or less members after the dissolution of the 37th parliament of canada in the senate ?
does kindersley average more snowfall in the month before or after february ?
does december or january have more snow days ?
did march or april have more precipitation ?
what is the name of the first episode ?
who was the last celebrity guest in the 2010 season ?
which of the 9 episodes in series 1 of mongrels had the most celebrity guests ?
which airing had the least number of viewers ?
which network has the most airings ?
what is the largest attendance on the chart
what is the first game listed on the schedule ?
what is he largest points scored in one game ?
which game at home had the most attendance ?
what is the top result on the chart
what stadium can seat the least number of people ?
what is the most amount of people that can attend a deportivo saprissa game in ricardo saprissa ?
which convention had the top attendance figure in it's first known year ?
which country has the most anime conventions ?
what was the first anime convention name held in canada ?
what was the last year that animefest had a known figure of attendance ?
which hispanic population had the greatest growth from 2000 to 2005 ?
which group had the most percent of total population in 2005 ?
what race shares the highest population next to white ?
who is listed as the last responsible mister(s) on this chart ?
which responsible minister has the top number of empowering legislations ?
what is the largest city in rizal in terms of area ?
what city has the most barangays ?
which municipality has the largest area ?
who was the first samoan flag bearer at the olympic games ?
who was the first flag bearer ?
who was the latest athlete to bear the samoan flag at the olympic games ?
what is the first club listed in the chart ?
what was the most aggregate score in germany ?
which ethnicity has the most buddhists in kazakhstan ?
which ethnicity is first on the chart
which ethnicity has the least percentage for islam
which ethnicity has the most islam professions of faith ?
what was the last year where tijuana was a venue ?
what years had the most venues ?
which party is last on the chart
which party hold the most number of seats ?
which one has the most vote
which one has the least vote
which episode aired first--"birth of a legend" or "skeletons in the closest" ?
what was the name of the first episode ?
which one has the most elevation (mountain station) on the chart
what name was in the last construction year ?
which cable car is the oldest ?
what is the first year ?
what is the last competition ?
name of the last placed nation ?
what country had the least in the 5 hoops category
what nation was the top scoring in the games ?
what country had the least number of drivers, germany or the uk ?
who was the top finisher that drove a cooper-climax ?
what was her highest all around score ?
what was her highest qualifying rank ?
which administration has the least amount of division ?
what division were they in the most, section 3 or 2 ?
what is the first tier listed ?
which team did they play first during this season ?
which game had the highest attendance ?
for what title did mr. borgnine receive the most awards ?
which composer published first granville bantock or emil petrovics ?
who is the first player listed ?
what country had the most cities founded in the 1830's ?
who is at the top of the list ?
who has the least amount of losses ?
which team was last in terms of points up until this point ?
what was the number of swedes in the top fifteen ?
who was the last competitor to actually finish both runs ?
what is the last nation to be ranked ?
what is the last title on the chart ?
who did the music of the first title arunthathi ?
what was the first tamil-language film in 1943 ?
which county covers the most area ?
other than mecklenburg which county has the largest population ?
what was the most consecutive wins ?
what was the date of the last game ?
which game had the most points scored ?
which football club had its most recent promotion a year before the heidelberg football club ?
who was the first division 1 team to enter competition ?
on what date was the first episode broadcast ?
in what month was the last episode broadcast ?
what was the rank of the last episode broadcasted ?
which was the first episode to drop the average below 0.60 ?
what was the date of the last episode that was broadcast ?
for which team did this player have the least amount of games played ?
in which year did coy have the most combined tackles ?
what team did he play for the least amount of years ?
what county had the most votes for romney ?
which country had the largest number of points ?
which country's team ranked first ?
what was the average number of points scored among the top five teams ?
which player ranked the most ?
what is the first name on the list ?
who was the top ranked player in a single game ?
what is the least total on the list ?
what country has the most bronze ?
who was the top performer from russia ?
which coach was the first to coach before all others ?
which coach held his position for the most years ?
which was the last album to sell over 100,000 records ?
tell me what album had the most sold.
which album had the least amount of sales ?
what was the top selling album in this year ?
which album has the highest number of sales but doesn't have a designated artist ?
what was the first movie that this actor received an award for starring in ?
which film won the most awards ?
what is dev's longest streak of consecutive wins without a loss ?
what is the next largest attendance record after 74,854 ?
who ran the least number of laps in the 1999 miller lite 225 ?
the most points rewarded to drivers under 225 laps
what two episodes was adam the highest seller ?
what was the last episode with two people sent home ?
who was the last person to be sent home ?
what was the only episode without a highest seller ?
what town is listed the most ?
which district had least population growth from 2001-2011 ?
what city is last in literacy ?
which district had the most people per km ?
which team won in the game in which the highest number of points was scored ?
who played the most consecutive home games
if a relative attended his/her first san antonio spurs game at the end of 1976 which date would they be referring to ?
who was the opponent in the first game the san antonio spurs won in december 1976 ?
which one is the least with scoring average
which year in this golfer's career saw her have the most 2nd place finishes ?
what is the last year christel boeljon played in the ladies european tour as an amateur ?
what is the total number of times pancho carter finished the indy 500 in the top 10> ?
which year saw the largest population of tower division during this time ?
in 1881, the most people lived in which division of middlesex ?
who placed first in the 2006 asian games finals? ?
who was the top finisher ?
the most points the kansas city chiefs scored in the 1997 season was in a game against which team ?
what is the greatest number of points this team has won by ?
in what year did they score the least amount of goals ?
what was the last team this team played against in the 1990s ?
what film was her last film in hindi ?
who won the next round after mats linden won the first round at mantorp park ?
amazon is at the top of the chart, but what is the name below it ?
what is the last name listed on this chart ?
what is the last listed pennant ?
which ship had the highest estimated cost to build ?
of those teams with kit manufactured by nike, which has a stadium with the most capacity ?
what stadium has the least capacity ?
of those football venues containing the first and last name of a person as part of the name, which is in last place for seating capacity ?
which game was attended by the least number of people ?
who was the first goalscorer for wigan athletic f.c in the 1978-79 season ?
which devanagari transliteration is listed on the top of the table ?
what is the last abbreviation on the list ?
the first name on the settlement column is ?
which division has the least teams for "t" teams ?
what is the top ranked location ?
who is the last horse on the list that was "pulled up" ?
which is the first jockey on the chart
what is the first fence listed in the chart ?
what song made it to the highest rank on the us rap charts ?
what year had the most singles ?
which song came first: "workin' it" or "catch a bad one" ?
which song has the most in us r&b ?
what was the first team that toronto lost to ?
which month had the most games ?
what is the name of first visitor on this chart ?
which date had the least amount of points listed ?
who came in last place during the 1980 winter olympic women's 1000 metres in speed skating ?
who finished first between sarah docter and sylvia burka ?
who came in first place at the 1980 winter olympic women's 1000 metres in speed skating ?
which year has the most disqualifications ?
who is ranked first ?
which is the last russian to be ranked ?
who is the first finisher from russia ?
which country rank last ?
which city did she play her last game ?
in what city was the outcome "winner" the most ?
which parter did she have the most ?
who was the top ranked competitor in this race ?
who is the last cyclist listed ?
who was the first competitor to finish the race a lap behind ?
which country has the athlete with the most distance ?
what is the top place listed on the chart ?
who holds the top record in the 110 m hurdles ?
who has held the most records ?
what is the first athlete in teh 100m event ?
what is the series number of the piece called "chopin's last composition" ?
what was the top publishing year ?
what is the average total score for the first three teams ?
which team had the most pyramids ?
who was ranked first in the semifinal 2 ?
which country came in last ?
what was the time of the last finisher ?
which of the languages mentioned was used in the most films ?
which was the first film in kannada ?
what was the first movie ishaan dev created a song for ?
who was the first canadian player to finish ?
how many swimmers were there from the united states in the top five in the semifinals ?
who was the last japanese player to finish ?
in the 2002 pan pacific swimming championships women's 100 metre backstroke, which nation placed the most swimmers in the top eight ?
who was the top ranked swimmer in the semifinals ?
what is the least count of stars amongst south american countries? /
who was the last team to win the world cup ?
what team was the first of win the world cup ?
germany first wore them in 1996. who was next ?
what is the most amount of stars ?
what is the first club listed for the 2010-11 season ?
who won by the most points at home ?
which building had the least number of floors ?
what party is represented the most ?
the last winner of the twelfth pondicherry assembly ?
what was the year of the first election ?
who was the last player to be transferred this season ?
the first date is ?
kamani hill was the first person to be transferred to which team ?
what is the most fee charged ?
who had the most or highest transfer fee ?
who was the co-driver of the first place driver ?
who was the last co-driver from portugal ?
what were the dates of the last event of the year ?
which event occurred first the st. paul open or the charlotte open ?
what is the last event on the chart
what event is at the top of the chart ?
which rider is on top in points
of those in the top 15 positions, who earned the least number of points ?
who is first on the roster ?
who is the tallest player on the team ?
which province is the top consumer of wine ?
which province consumes the least amount of spirits ?
which division has this team played the most games in ?
where did they place the last season ?
who was the first person to withdraw from the race ?
which stage had the most cyclists withdraw ?
which event lasted the longest time ?
which event ended with the longest time ?
what was this artists last album under the curling legs label ?
who is the first opposition in rank 27 ?
what was the top place the team achieved ?
which division were they in the most ?
what was the last year that this team placed 5th or better ?
tell me the number of people that attended the first game they won in october.
who was the opponent in the last game of the season ?
what is the combined time it took the first three competitors to finish the race ?
which competitor from united states had the longest time ?
what opponent was competed against the most often ?
who was the first person this person played on an indoor surface ?
did belgium or malta lose by the most points ?
what is their most frequent competition ?
what is the name of the last venue on this chart ?
which competitor lifted the most amount of weight ?
which person has been a manager the longest ?
what was the date of the last game of the 1933-1934 season ?
what was manchester's first defeat on the list ?
in what year were there the most athletes ?
what is the last date on the chart ?
which airliner attack on the list had the most dead ?
which game has the least attendance ?
when was the first time the attendance was below 20,000 ?
who was the last driver to finish driving a jaguar ?
who was the last driver on the list ?
which team scored more goals in the first leg, benfica or ajax ?
which came first, the judge's choice or birth year song ?
which sports network has aired the most races in this season ?
what will be the last track used during this season ?
what was the name of the first race title ?
what was the name of the first race ?
what was the shortest bridge mccullough designed ?
which three teams have been playing for the most seasons ?
how many teams had the most seasons ?
what team had the most ch. wins during season 8 ?
what was the first year she won a nomination ?
where was this competitor's first competition ?
which school has the least number of students attending it ?
out of v-hawks and mustangs, who has the least enrollment ?
what is the first school on the list ?
which album produced the most singles ?
what was the last single kitty wells released ?
which kitty wells album had the most singles released ?
which location has the most km ?
which location has the least km ?
at the 2006 gran premio telmex, who finished last ?
at the 2006 gran premio telmex, who scored the highest number of points ?
which country is represented by the most drivers ?
what is the difference in attendance between the first two entries ?
which games has the largest amount of people attending ?
what is the date of the first episode ?
what is the least number of guest casts on an episode ?
what is the last term listed in the table ?
which cooking term requires the least heat ?
which competition has the least notes ?
which position was represented the most on the team ?
which state was the birthplace for the most american 2010 olympic women's hockey roster ?
who is the tallest player born in july ?
what year was the last time tigerair offered flights to xiamen ?
which one is last on the chart
what is the name of the last building on this chart ?
which building has the most floors according to this chart ?
what is the tallest building in bosie, idaho ?
what is the last position on the chart ?
which artist name appears the most on this chart ?
whos name is listed last on the chart ?
what poll source had the largest sample size ?
what is the genre of the last title on this chart ?
which manufacturer has the most games on the list ?
what was the first video game to be released that starts with the letter o ?
what is the name of the first title on this chart ?
what is the name of the first race in the year ?
which driver had the least number of laps ?
which driver finished first in the 1998 marlboro grand prix of miami ?
which team finished last in the 1998 marlboro grand prix of miami ?
which game was won by the largest margin ?
during the second leg, what game had the most goals ?
what home team has the most points scored ?
which country has the most third place winnings ?
last team to finish in second place
who was the top player in 2012 ?
what was the least number of laps made ?
which country were most of the drivers from ?
who scored the most points ?
who was evicted in the first episode ?
what is the most compilation albums released in one year ?
what year was the first compilation album released ?
what year was willy deville's last album released ?
which country had the most wins ?
which team won the leinster senior club hurling championships previous to the last time birr won ?
what is the most consecutive doubles tournaments she has won ?
what was the date of the last tournament ?
what was the first outcome listed on this chart ?
who was the last coach to only have 1 loss ?
which coach has the least number of total games on their record ?
what is the name of the first team on this chart ?
which driver drove the least amount of laps ?
alex zanardi came in first place, what is his number ?
who came in last place in the race, alex barron or gil de ferran ?
which game had the largest attendance ?
last opponent for manchester united in the season
which team had the least deficit ?
which country won first place (gold medal) ?
which country finished last ?
which team finished first, romania or belarus ?
what was the name of the first baekje temple ?
who had the earliest reign ?
what was the last baekje temple ?
what is the top temple name listed that also has a personal name listed ?
what playoff result occurred the most ?
what is the first ship listed as undamaged ?
what was the last ship that was sunk ?
what is the next highest hard drive available after the 30gb model ?
which model weighs the most, according to the table ?
what year was the first olympics in which lorraine moller competed ?
which position is listed the most on this chart ?
what episode had the most viewers ?
what is the name of the first team on this chart ?
what is the name of the last team on this chart ?
which team has the most wins ?
which teams has the least wins ?
which team was the runner up the most times ?
what peter widen's is the highest finish in all indoor championships ?
what is peter widen's top most position ever in world indoor championships ?
what was the top position in which he finished ?
name the game site with the highest number of attendance.
what is the date for the first game played in the meadowlands ?
when was the first year of rugby of the terrapins ?
which institution has the highest amount of enrollment ?
what was the date of the last game played by oxford united in which they lost ?
who was the first to have the best result
what was the first opponent oxford united f.c. defeated during the season ?
on which date was the game played with the most number of people in attendance ?
who finished before canada in the first run ?
what is the last year listed ?
what year was the last time christopher williams had a song in the top 25 in any chart ?
what is the first year the scores are recorded ?
which country ranked first in the press freedom index in 2012 ?
how long (in number of contests) was the teams longest losing streak ?
what sport has the second most number of gold medals won ?
who is ranked first ?
who came in last ?
who is the owner of the first yacht on the list ?
who is the last yachts skipper ?
which model has the most in service ?
name a model that has the most versions.
what is the first model on the list ?
what is the last model and its origin ?
which town has the most people in their 2011 population ?
what city has the least amount of population ?
what is the first town with "river" in its name ?
who had the most victories ?
which year was the last time broxburn athletic topped the east region south division tables ?
what is the first creature (other planes) after page 40 ?
what is the last creature (other planes) for page 41 ?
what is the lowest place they came in
what was the last year they were 5th ?
what was the last year they came in 3rd place
who name is listed last ?
which city has the largest number of historic sites ?
at the women's 200 meter individual medley sm10 event at the 2012 summer paralympics, who finished first ?
which player has the most appearances with the club ?
who had the highest number of appearances ?
which player has the highest number of goals ?
which song is at the top for downloads ?
last song of the year to chart in the top ten
which song has the most downloads ?
what was the last position that the team achieved ?
which was the last tournament australia played in sharjah ?
what is the greatest difference in scores ?
which chip has the least sram ?
which chip has the fewest amount of eeprom ?
which two chips have the most flash size ?
which chip has the highest frequency ?
what is the highest place that is listed in the table ?
which is the smallest prison on the list ?
name the location used the most number of times in the table.
what was the last event held ?
who is ranked at the top
which two countries has the most number of participants ?
how long was the longest time ?
what team has the most winners ?
what is the name of the last race ?
who placed first in 2007 ?
who was the top competitor in 2009 ?
what winning team has the least number of letters ?
who was the last team to win ?
which country has had the most men's winners ?
which player had the least amount listed in transfer fees ?
who is the last ranking player ?
what number of last names start with "b" ?
the first person to finish in heat 1 ?
who is the first ranking player ?
number of state senators first elected in 2002
who was the last sentor from erie ?
which party has the most members ?
when was the last round in this season ?
which rider held the pole position the most consecutive times ?
who did the most pole position what is his or her name
what was the last race of the season ?
what is the name of the first competition on this chart ?
in what year did he win the most titles ?
in what year did stephen henrdy win his first title ?
which opponent has stephen hendry competed against most often ?
which publisher had the most projects ?
which team won the most runs ?
which team had the most time ?
which african country has the least champion golfers according to this table ?
which country has the most pga championships.
which year had the most competitions ?
what is the name of the last competition ?
what is the last competition on the chart ?
first album released
what year was clayton's first album ?
which stadium has the highest capacity ?
which stadium holds the most people ?
which country has the smallest capacity stadium ?
who was the first pick in the draft ?
which team was the first one the black hawks lost to ?
which country is listed the least ?
who was the first opponent she beat ?
what is the least amount of time it took to win a match ?
her first loss was against this opponent
who was the first pick by the golden seals ?
which player was picked in the last round ?
what nationality picked the most players ?
what is the number of the last pick on the list ?
what is the top college/junior/club team from which the golden seals drafted in 1974 ?
in the 1974-75 golden seals hockey season, who was picked first in the draft ?
which show had the highest rating ?
what episode had the highest rating ?
which air date had the least viewers ?
the air date with the most viewers
which nation came in first place ?
which nation had the most gold medals ?
which country had the highest total ?
which nation took the most bronze medals ?
which nation holds first rank ?
which nation came in last place ?
what is the largest population of 2009 ?
which sum had the greatest population change from 2005 to 2009 ?
what city has the least amount of area recorded (not to include any city with n.a. recorded) ?
what is the least population of 2009 ?
what city has the largest density recorded ?
in 2005, what city had the most population recorded ?
who was their last opponent of the season ?
what is the name of the last network listed on this chart ?
what is the name of the last driver on this chart ?
what is the first engine listed on this chart ?
who was the last opponent on the list, chronologically ?
what was the last game of the 2013 season ?
what was the highest number of goals fc seoul scored against an opponent in a single match during the 2013 season ?
can you find the last opponent in 2013 league ?
which team scored the most goals in a single match against fc seoul during the 2011 season ?
what was the last round held in the 2011 season ?
which paralymics year had the largest number of medals overall ?
which year was their highest ranking ?
first opponent to defeat mocho cota in mexico city
who is the first loser listed on this chart ?
name the earliest competition to have a sub.
which competition had the highest number of starts and goals ?
what was yoichiro kakitani's first major competition ?
in which party did the minister belong that held the longest term in office ?
who was the first minister to take office in 2000 ?
who was the first greek minister of development ?
who has held the position of greek minister of development the longest ?
who was the first new democracy member to hold this office ?
tell me the date of the last event held in greensboro, north carolina.
what wrestler is listed first  ?
what is the name of the last album released by natalia lesz ?
which came first: "that girl" or "miss you" ?
what was the name of natalia lesz's first single ?
what is the year with the most events ?
which country came in last place in 2009 ?
what was the last date that lesnar successfully defended the ufc heavyweight belt ?
on what date did the first episode of the whole 19 yards air ?
which episode has the most viewers ?
what was the air date of the first episode ?
which episode of the whole 19 yards had the least amount of viewers ?
which month has the least number of episodes ?
which country has the highest number of bronze wins ?
which country has brought home the most gold ?
how long was georgetown's longest winning streak ?
which municipality has the largest number of spanish speakers ?
which municipality has the most spanish speakers ?
which municipality has the highest number of quechua speakers ?
name the species that has the longest years since divergence from human.
which species has the most years since divergence from human ?
what is the first year listed ?
what year did buxoro place first ?
what place is listed last ?
which place has the highest number of counties ?
who is the player in the first position ?
which player is in the last position ?
what was the first opera composed in the 1900s ?
when was the last battle ?
the country with the most riders was
who perfomed the most number of laps, marco simoncelli or hiroshi aoyama ?
of all the countries that have them, which country has the least champions
what is the first week of the tournament ?
who was the first american to become a champion ?
what is the longest streak of consecutive finishes below 10th place ?
what is the last year listed on this chart ?
what party has the least councillors served in 1961 ?
what is the last opponent listed ?
when was the first friendly competition ?
which of the girls had the least amount in archery ?
what is the first discipline listed on this chart ?
what is the last discipline listed on this chart ?
who earned the most total points ?
who scored the least on whitewater kayak ?
who had the most points scored for the 191617 illinois fighting illini men's basketball team ?
who had the most free throws ?
who scored the least number of points on the 191617 illinois fighting illini men's basketball team ?
which rifle has the longest barrel ?
what country has the least number of rifles in service ?
which country had the least number of models ?
which captain served the least amount of time ?
which player has the highest win percentage ?
who had the largest win percentage ?
where is the largest lake located ?
which lake has the most area and it locations
which two players had the least number of goals ?
what player has the most number of goals ?
who has the largest amount of apps ?
which country won the most gold events ?
what rank did the nation with the most total medals receive ?
in which single category did rosi mittemaier get the most awards ?
which year was rosi mittermaier's last season ?
who is the top in giant slalom
which site has the most radars ?
what is the name of the festival that has won the most ?
what is the name of the last festival ?
which train ran for the longest time ?
what was the first train to begin service ?
what destination is at the top of the list ?
comparing 1971 and 1972, which year has the most won matches by osborne ?
where was the first tournament held ?
who did jim osborne partner with the most during the open era titles ?
who wins the most ?
who is the last opposition ?
what is the name of the last album title on this chart ?
what is the name of the first song title on this chart ?
when did ed sheeran get his first number one of the year ?
who has the least number on hits ?
which administrative area has the least square mileage and lowest population ?
what is the total of the first population ?
what is the name of the first jockey on this chart ?
who came in first ?
which was the last horse to finish ?
what is the oldest ship of these three: highlea, hijack or hi-falutin ?
which year saw the most ships produced ?
who has the most score ?
which country is listed the most under the opposing team column ?
which player in the table has the most runners-up finishes ?
what tournament was nancy lopez's first lpga tour win ?
what was the first tournament on the list that had a runner up who was not from the us ?
what is the first tournament listed ?
which team has drafted the most players ?
which player is listed first in the table ?
who was the first player from norway who was drafted ?
who was the first producer that made the film sing*ularity ?
in which year did ms. starfelt produce the most films ?
which township has the most residents ?
which township has the highest average population density
what township has the lowest population ?
what city has the largest population ?
what township has the highest population ?
which one has the latest target date ?
what is the first region on the chart
which country has the most bronze medals ?
which country received the least bronze medals ?
which countries have the least amount of total medals ?
which country has the most gold medals ?
what year did the rush allow the most goals ?
which season held the most wins ?
what is the most we scored in a single game ?
when was the first game played.
who was the opponent that has the most attendance.
what city was ranked first in 2003 ?
what is the most wins ?
what team(s) has the highest win/lose ratio ?
who had the most goals against them self for the year ?
which two teams had the most draws ?
who finished first in the standings ?
which was the longest nato operation in terms of time ?
which type of terrain is listed the most ?
which nation won the most gold medals ?
which nation won the most silver medals mexico or spain ?
who came after south korea with the most gold medals won ?
since 1983 what country has won the most (combined men & women) ?
which men's winner had the greatest time ?
what is the first year that the country of the men's winner was the same as the country of the women's winner ?
what is the country with the most consecutive men's winners ?
who came in first for the men ?
what was the last year that ind had a winner ?
what is the shortest time the marathon was completed in since 1990 ?
the most recent version to be released was in 1989, what was it called ?
what is. the last feature on the chart
which nation is first ranking ?
country with the most bronze medals.
how long was the longest time between alec su being in a film ?
which country won the largest haul of bronze medals ?
which country had the most deputy judges ?
who was the last deputy judge with finland nationality ?
who was the first loan ?
what country had the most players loaned in ?
in which year were the most steam locomotives built ?
which original owner had the most locomotives ?
who owned the last locomotive to be built ?
what is the name of the last locomotive to be located at the bressingham steam museum ?
which city name has the least number of unique letters ?
which is the last city listed alphabetically ?
which team placed in first with the most earned medals ?
which team(s) have the least amount of silver medals ?
which athlete has the most total ?
which runner ran the most ?
what is the first model listed ?
what model was in service the least ?
which utility vehicle has the most number in service ?
in 2007, what is the largest number of consecutive games won by the nebraska football team ?
the nebraska cornhuskers last game was played where
what was the nebraska cornhuskers highest rank of 2007
which political party has the most people in office ?
who is the last player on the list to not attempt a 3 point shot ?
which player had the most total points ?
next to merritt, who was the top scorer ?
which player played in the least games ?
who received the lowest number of points ?
which country had the most competitors ?
which woman finished last in the 1971 world figured skating championships ?
which woman finished first in the 1971 world figured skating championships ?
who was in last place ?
how long was the second longest time ?
which team came in first as champion ?
which team scored the least ?
when did he win his first title ?
who is at the top of the chart ?
where did he win his last championship ?
what is the name of the first women's winner ?
which country has the top amount of adherents ?
which race was last in 2008
with which team has pastor maldonado competed with the most ?
what year appears the most ?
where was the last game of the season held ?
what is the name of the oldest map/catalog ?
which was the first chinese star map known to have been created ?
when was the first map or catalog created ?
which map or catalog was created last ?
what is the name of the place listed last on this chart ?
which location had the most conferences listed ?
who was the first president in the 1900's ?
who was the last president to serve consecutive years ?
where was the last conference held ?
which person has led the conference the most ?
which is the other besides asia the most region charted
what country is last on the list ?
which is the least region charted on this chart
what is the name of the last opponent on this chart ?
which location is listed the most according to this chart ?
which method is listed the least ?
what game had the most total goals scored ?
what is the first asian country that appears on this table ?
which player was the top scorer for the 1979 season ?
who became the winning couple the most ?
who was the performer on the last album released ?
who is the first home team listed as having a score of 3-1 ?
after 1994 how may individuals with the first name giorgi bear the flag for georgia in the olympics ?
who has been the flag bearer for georgia the most from 1998-2012 ?
other than giorgi asanidze, name a bearer with the first name giorgi.
who was the first female flag bearer for georgia in the olympics ?
who was the last flag bearer ?
who was the last flag bearer for georgia ?
who was the first flag bearer ?
date of the last encyclical whose subject contained the word "pontificate"
what is the last title ?
what team is first on the list ?
who was the top player selectedd from the citadel ?
what was the time of the person who finished first ?
which nation has the most bronze medals ?
which nation ranked in first with the most amount of total medals ?
which country won the most bronze medals ?
what is the last nation on the list ?
what is the name of the first club listed on this chart ?
which position is listed the most on this chart ?
which club was represented the most ?
who was the oldest player ?
what is the last frequency on the chart ?
which frequency has the most stations ?
what ethnicity is at the top ?
which population had the most people in 1926 ?
what was the first census that saw a russian population of over 2,000 ?
which club scored the highest number of goals ?
what is the largest negative goal difference ?
which team has the most points ?
which district has the greatest total number of electorates ?
which of the listed segments has the most electorates ?
what is the name of the first circuit ?
who was the first democrat to win an election ?
what winner received the least number of votes ?
what is the least number of votes ever had by a loser of an election ?
who was the last republican to win ?
what community has the largest area in acres ?
which community has the most population ?
which community has the least number of acres ?
which month is listed the least on this chart ?
when is the first game ?
which mountain peak has the most isolation ?
which mountain peak has the least isolation ?
what is the tallest peak in the sierra nevadas ?
what is the first intersecting highway town heading east on pr 243 ?
what is the last location ?
which nation won the most gold medals ?
which department has the least number of total deputies ?
which country has the most uninominal deputies
which department of bolivia's legislature has the least number of deputies ?
what is the department with the most amount of total deputies ?
which department has the most total deputies ?
which event was the longest amount of days held ?
who held the championship title longest ?
what was the last event to be held ?
what location saw the most matches ?
which album has the least peak in the us ?
what was the first michael w smith album ?
which michael w smith album had the highest ranking on the us chart ?
what is the most recent song on which they collaborated ?
which year did they win their least amount of games ?
what season had the least amount of wins ?
which building was the first completed ?
which year does the artist have the most charted singles ?
who is the first producer with the least amount of time ?
which is the shortest song ?
what was the last game released ?
what was the first game released ?
what team has the most goals ?
what season has the most goals ?
who shot the most at 91 m
who shot the least at 40 yd
which countries won the least amount of medals ?
which country scored the least medals ?
which other nation had the lowest in bronze
nation to earn the most gold medals after colombia
which nation won the most silver medals ?
who was the first team to score over 30 points in the first match ?
which test method is used the most ?
what is the name of the first property ?
what test method is listed at the top ?
what was the earliest film released ?
on which date did the bombers score the least points ?
which candidate got the least votes in the entire districts ?
what municiplity has the largest voter turnout ?
which country has the highest total in the miss supranational pagent ?
what is the first party listed on this chart ?
which party had the most previous council ?
when was the first launch and payload name
which is the last experiment name and payload carrier hardware
which single was the last one to be on the charts in 1993 ?
what is the first entered date ?
what was the highest number of fans in attendance ?
whem was illinois' highest scoring game ?
how long was illinois' longest winning streak in the 1985/1986 season ?
which team has the highest rank among those listed ?
what was the most consecutive wins for the team shown in the season ?
what is the first gov on the list ?
which was opened first ?
which camp is the least amount on mar.30
what camp is at the top ?
which one is the top camp on feb.9
who was the first div sec division ?
which camp grew the least on 9 feb ?
what is the first airline listed that has no service date listed ?
which airline has the most listed destinations ?
out of all the people who have points, who has the least ?
which rider came in first with 25 points ?
which month had the most number of losses on the road ?
which month had the least games played ?
what is the top month on the list ?
what is the last wager on the chart ?
who is the top nation ?
what country came in first place ?
what is the name of the first title ?
opponent for highest attended home game
last home opponent of the season
what week was the first bye opponent ?
what is the greatest number of consecutive wins that the bears had against any opponent ?
which country took the least amount of time ?
what tournament is at the top ?
where was the last meeting in which kaseorg competed ?
what was the last standard published ?
which standard was published first ?
who is the tallest delegate ?
which cyclist had the most points ?
what was the highest number of points scored in a single game the texas tech football team in 1993 ?
what was the date of the first game played ?
how many people attended the last game ?
on which date did the red raiders score the least points ?
who was the last opponent the texas tech team faced in 1993 ?
in what year did roche win his first doubles title ?
when was the last wimbledon won ?
what type of surface was played on in the first game where the opponent in the final included an american ?
which stadium can seat the most people ?
what was the last team he raced for ?
what was the first work completed ?
which artist is listed first in the table ?
what title was released first, george gordon meade memorial or american legion freedom bell.
which city is ranked last ?
what is the top city for percent korean-american population ?
which city is ranked first on the list ?
which county has the most representation ?
who won the last championship recorded on this table ?
which university had the most years won ?
who came in first when it comes to new points ?
which player was defending the highest number of points at the time of his withdrawal from the 2010 french open ?
who was the highest ranking player to withdraw from the 2010 french open tournament ?
which power supply can handle the most consecutive watts ?
which type is the most in power and input range
which project location has the lowest outupt ?
what track was drumma boy's last on the album ?
what is the longest song ?
who is the top ranked nation ?
what was the top attendance of the 1981's games ?
what is the largest number of consecutive wins ?
what is the earliest year that a film was released ?
which year was the most pos.
what year had the least amount of teams that competed ?
what was the first route formed in the 1960's ?
which route was eliminated first ?
who played for the most years ?
what is the last nationality on the list ?
who is at the top ?
what is the last nationality listed in the table ?
in what year did miss pokhara last win the miss nepal award ?
who was the first winner of miss nepal ?
when was gran chochisse first match that had a full date on record ?
when did bruno victoria lose his first game ?
who weighed the most ?
who was the tallest fullback ?
which player weighed the most on the letter winners roster ?
which roster letter winner weighed the least ?
who was the smallest player ?
what was the first country to get the radio ad ?
what the last country to issue a release ?
who was last in the slalom overall ?
who has the highest rank ?
which of these stations broadcasts with the least power ?
what is the last location on this chart ?
what is the radio with the most mhz ?
what is the radio with the least about of mhz ?
what is the name of the first team on this chart ?
what is the name of the last rider on this chart ?
which aircraft has the top number of aircraft in service ?
from what country did the last place compete for ?
the least number of total appearances
what is the last name listed on this chart ?
name the nation with the most appearances.
what is the first name listed ?
which position is listed the least amount of times on this chart ?
which city has the least area
which city has the largest population ?
which municipality has the most number of people who reside in it ?
what is the highest number of consecutive wins that the fighting irish had in the 1946 season ?
who has won the most best young rider awards ?
who won the most consecutive crystal bicycles ?
who is the top athlete from poland
which country ranks the least ?
what is the least about of runs anyone has ?
which player had the least amount of runs ?
which tournament has the largest total win record ?
which device has the least iops
which opponent is listed first in the table ?
who was the first opponent on this list ?
previous to 2000, what city was listed the most ?
what is the number of mayors with the first name of john ?
who was the first mayor in the 1900's ?
which player with the most saves
who is the first away team on the list ?
which game had the least number of people in attendance ?
which match had the least in attendance ?
which party has the highest number of deaths ?
who was the first death in the republican party ?
who died first: sala burton or harold earthman ?
which senator listed was the oldest when he died ?
who is the first person that is being represented ?
which park has the least land area ?
which of finland's national parks has the least number of yearly visitors ?
which national park has the least visitation ?
last finnish national park to be established
in what year were there the most births ?
from which nationality did the islanders draft the most players ?
who was the top pick of the islanders' in the 2006 nhl entry draft ?
who came in first place ?
who was the top finisher from poland ?
who was first ?
who was last ?
what is the time of the last finisher from kazakhstan ?
what is the airport name at the top of the list ?
which community has the most airports
what was the name of the last race ?
who was the winning team the most number of times ?
what race name comes in last ?
what is the first country listed on this chart ?
which country is listed for the most finals ?
what team had the worst goal difference in the league ?
which team took first place ?
which club scored the most points ?
who is the top (most wins overall) winning school in class aaaa ?
who has the largest amount of teams, men's, women, or mixed ?
who was the last american to win men's individual ?
what women's team won the last competition ?
what is the last tops design code on this chart ?
what is the first score listed ?
who is the first opponent listed on this chart ?
what is the last date ?
name a horse that did not place in the top ten of the 1997 kentucky derby
name of horse that came in last in the 1997 kentucky derby
what is the name of the top horse's trainer ?
name of trainer of the horse that came in first in the 1997 kentucky derby
name of horse that finished first in the 1997 kentucky derby
what is the last team ?
which team has the most titles ?
what team was the runner run the least number of times ?
which year had the most releases ?
which country or region had the most releases ?
what was the date of the first vinyl lp release ?
which region was the last to release ?
which surface was played on the least ?
what is the most consecutive tournaments won by andrea koch benvenuto ?
what was the last tournament she won ?
what is the name of the first player on this chart ?
which country had the most leaders ?
which ruler came first, si jun or min ?
which king ruled the longest ?
what is the area (in acres) of the last table entry ?
which ancient woods have the least number of acres and public access ?
what was the date of the first loss of the season ?
which date had the least attendance ?
what was the highest score achieved by rhein fire ?
what was the teams most consective win streak ?
what year saw the greatest size ?
the last convention held outside of europe or north america was held when ?
what is the last year on the chart ?
which year has the most games ?
what year was the last year in which the zx plaform was used in a business simulation video game ?
what is the last platform listed on this chart ?
what year is the first appearance of the platform ps1 ?
which area has the largest number of stations serving it ?
which city is served by the most full-power stations ?
what was the first game which was won with a score over 70 points ?
what section did they play in the most ?
what is listed under the movements column of the last season ?
the first car that murphy used in the new zealand v8 supercar
what team had the most consecutive years with a 1st place round result ?
which rider earned first position with 25 points ?
which cities population will grow the least ?
largest population center in michigan after detroit
which animal type has the most pillow pals ?
in what year were the first pillow pals introduced ?
what is the name of the last pillow pal on this chart ?
the first fbs opponent faced was whom ?
what year was jay mills first year ?
who was the longest head coach ?
what is the last party on this chart ?
which typ(s) had the longest construction times ?
which one is the last in construction time
which typ has the most capacity ?
nation that earned the most total medals after spain
which country has the most bronze medals in european baseball championships ?
what was the title of terence cuneo's first work ?
what was the last piece completed ?
who weighs the most on the team ?
which sport had the least silver medalists ?
in what sport did india win the most silver medals ?
what is the first airbase listed on the chart ?
which military has the most shelters ?
what is the top airbase name on the chart ?
which ship has the top amount of tonnage ?
what is the last recorded ship sunk on august 25 ?
boat with the least tonnage that was attacked
which diocese has the largest area under its jurisdiction ?
what was the first dioceses established ?
which was the first diocese to be formed ?
what diocese has the least area ?
which type of dioceses appears most often ?
what was the first club for the north in the 2000's ?
the last team to win the west ?
which poll source has the largest sample size ?
who is the first candidate to have over 25% ?
what is the least amount of laps completed ?
which morgan creek film grossed the most money prior to 1994 ?
what is the top grossing film ?
what was the last movie morgan creek made for a budget under thirty million ?
what food has the highest amount of magnesium ?
what staple has the least amount of fat ?
which of the major staple foods contains the highest number of grams of carbohydrates in a 100 gram portion ?
what staple has the most potassium ?
the year with the most independen/other was what ?
first player to win with a score over 70 for one round ?
which player earned the most between 2007 and 2013 in the western open ?
who was the last winner of the western open(2013) ?
which player won by the least number of strokes ?
which elected successor took office the earliest ?
in the rinconada bikol language, what is the last single digit integer ?
what has the least percentage in india ?
which religion has the highest percentage represented in india ?
which religious group has the highest population % ?
which state had their last execution on 5 february 2014 ?
arizona last put someone to death in october 2013 what state had the closest previous execution ?
alphabetically what is the largest consecutive amount of states that use lethal injection ?
which governor served for the least number of years ?
which governor-general served the longest term from 1910 to 1961 ?
the least amount of females
which language had the least female speakers ?
what was the top language from the one's whose percentage was >0.01
what is the highest percentage of speakers other than polish ?
which language had the most number of people speaking it.
which single spent the least amount of time on the us hot 100 ?
which monarch had the most marriages ?
which monarch is listed first ?
who was the first bishop of iceland whose father was also a bishop of iceland ?
who among iceland's lutheran bishops has held the longest tenure to date ?
in what year was korzeniowski's last competition ?
which venue is listed the most ?
which model was the tallest ?
which competition had the top number of contestants ?
what year had the least number of contestants ?
what is the name of the location listed first on this list ?
who was the first winner men's winner, in 1965 ?
which year had the top number of contestants competing for the title ?
who's name was listed the most under male winner's.
what is the name of the first player on this list ?
what is the first band number listed on this chart ?
which swecon has had the most guests of honor ?
which swecon has had the least guests of honor ?
which location is listed last in the table ?
which athlete has the least number of metres ?
what was the last recorded throw for valerie young ?
who was the last player in the top 10 ?
which two players tied for first place ?
compare draws, which had the least amount of points ?
what song earned the most points ?
doron mazar, which artist(s) had the most points ?
what artist received the least amount of points in the competition ?
what is the name of the first song listed on this chart ?
what city is listed at the top of the table as having the highest population ?
which is the last city for population in the year 2001 ?
who was the top goal scorer ?
what is the largest religious denomination in budapest ?
which denomination held the largest percentage in 1880 ?
which denomination has the highest margin ?
which denomination percentage increased the most after 1949 ?
what was the first city brian and roger played in ?
what was the last venue brian preformed in ?
when was the first tour date of 2010 ?
when was the last tour date of 2010 ?
who was the first place driver ?
who was the next highest scorer after max twigg ?
which car was driven by the most members ?
what type of car was driven by the person in first ?
what driver came in last place ?
what car was driven by the top ranked driver ?
what is the most consecutive wins the barrage have had this season ?
what is the most points that the barrage have scored at home ?
which member was the last member to join the 10th canadian parliament ?
which party had the most members in the 10th canadian parliament ?
who is the last partner listed ?
what was the first year that net profit was above ￡120 million ?
what year had the least net profit ?
who was the first opponent he lost too ?
what was the first record broken ?
what was the very first station to open ?
when was the last recorded opening date of an observatory ?
the top elevation measured for this station is 2591m
the first opened station
what was the first mercedez to win world green car ?
who was the top car design of the year in 2008 ?
what is the tallest building in columbus ?
which is the tallest building ?
what is the first title on this chart ?
what was the last game created by spicy horse
what platform was used for the last title on this chart ?
according to the table, what is the last title that spicy horse produced ?
which competition occurred the most ?
in which season did gunter thiebaut score the most goals ?
which country has the least amount of total goals ?
which province has the most population on the table ?
between 2006-2011, which subdivision had the largest change in population? (%)
of the municipalities with positive population growth in the years 2006-2011, which had the least growth ?
which area covers the most land in square kilometers ?
what was the total population of the five largest cities in the province of ontario in 2006 ?
which subdivision is at the top of the list ?
what was the total number of centers selected in the first round ?
in alphabetical order, what is the last municipality ?
which track is at the top of the us chart ?
which years had the least number of singles released ?
which song had the highest us country position ?
which company has the least number of employees ?
what company has the top revenue ?
what is the company with the highest revenue in the automotive industry ?
which company is ranked at the top with the largest revenue ?
what is the last date shown for february 2010 ?
what is the date of the last event listed ?
what country has the most start records ?
what was the date of the first game won by the smu mustangs ?
where was the site of the first game ?
in what year did fabrice santoro make his last grand slam appearance ?
what is the score in the top row ?
the game with the shortest delta and highest score:
what winner is listed last in the table ?
the most players picked came from which nationality ?
which nhl team had the last pick ?
what model is listed first in the table ?
what was the top thrust achieved by a lyul'ka engine before 1980 ?
name the year of the license plate that has the largest amount of alphanumeric digits.
which year featured the license plate with the least characters ?
what was year was the first arizona license plate made ?
what is the name of the person who won most favorite actress the year before dian sastrowardoyo won ?
what is the first category listed on this chart ?
at the top of the table, list the categories given.
which position had the least number of players in round nine ?
who was the last player selected in round nine ?
which country had the highest number of medals ?
what track/title had the most songwriters ?
what was the first gain on may 30th, 1963 ?
which game did georgia score the largest amount of points in ?
what was the date of the game that had the least number of people in attendance ?
what date what the first game on ?
what is the least amount of ways you can conjugate the verb "be" ?
the last row on the list all has verbs ending in:
which state is/was home to the most looff carousels ?
who was the top player for 2003 ?
what driver completed the least number of laps ?
which driver completed the least number of laps ?
which driver did the least number of laps ?
what artist scored the least number of points ?
which country scored the most points ?
which country is listed last on the chart ?
what unit is listed first ?
who was the last president from the republican party ?
what is the name of the first president ?
which player has the most touch downs ?
which player received the most yards in 2007 ?
who had the most touchdowns: jerel myers or cecil moore ?
which player got the most yards ?
which player had the most receptions but no touchdowns ?
who was the next player besides charles frederick that received the most yards in 2007 ?
this title won the most awards
last award won
what was the last single to win an riaa award ?
which party got the least number of votes ?
which party came in first with the number of votes ?
what party had the least number of seats ?
who had the most seats after the election ?
which party came in after the liberal and country league with the highest number of votes ?
which year has the most film appearances ?
what was coleman domingo's first tv series ?
which team won the most number of games ?
what is the last theme phrase listed on this chart ?
what was the first year in which mike rhodin was the host ?
in what year did he have the most international goals ?
what was the date of the last game ?
who was the tallest delegate for miss dominican republic in 2002 ?
when was their last loss ?
what was the date that had the least attendance ?
which film made the most worldwide gross income ?
what was the first superhero movie to gross over 300,000,000 ?
who is the most used distributor ?
which live-action american superhero movie had the largest gross ?
what was the last team played for ?
which illustrator was responsible for the last award winner ?
which author wrote the first award winner ?
which country is represented for both men and women at the top of the list ?
who had the most amount of time out of all the runners ?
what was hari's last name ?
which month had the most air dates ?
what is the name of the last performer on this chart ?
which month had the most performers ?
which division has the largest number of ranks ?
who was the first person to be nominated but not win ?
what is the last year in which kelsey grammer won an award for outstanding voice performance for a role on the simpsons ?
what year scored the most nominations ?
what is the name of the first competiton on this chart ?
what was the last year kazakhstan took first place in a completion, and what city was it located in ?
which year had the most competitions ?
who ranked first in the preliminary ?
when will the last reactor at leningrad be closed ?
which location is listed the least on this chart ?
who was the last representative picked ?
which envoy was the first appointed by woodrow wilson ?
which ambassador to honduras served the longest term ?
what is the last tallest building in canada to have the word court in its building name ?
how many tallest building in canada have been built in toronto ?
what cities are first canadian place and commerce court west
what was the largest difference of points in a single game ?
who was the opponent during for first week ?
which date had the highest attendance ?
what date was the first game at war memorial stadium ?
what city were most playoff bowls played ?
who was the last color commentator ?
in what year was the last season of cbs's play-by-play ?
which title has the most length ?
what is the title of the first track on the best of benassi bros greatest hit album ?
which age range had the largest percentage for other religion ?
which age range had the top number for protestant and other christians ?
which album was the least acclaimed but did reach the billboard 200 ?
what was the last award that nujoma won ?
which year was the most honors/award titles given ?
what is the last honors/award title listed on this chart ?
the team with the most goals
what is the highest number of goals scored by senijad ibri&#269;i&#263; in a season ?
his last score was written in...
what was the last year of the television scores in the genre category ?
which year saw the highest number of releases ?
what is the top speed ?
which name has the largest displacement ?
what was the lowest position ramon gonzalez came in ?
in which competition did he throw the most ?
in what years did ramon gonzalez come in first place ?
which competition appears the most on the table ?
what was the last title in 2002 to gross the most money ?
what film grossed the most money.
what was the first film released in 2002 ?
which driver scored the top number of points ?
who was the first ambassador extraordinary and plenipotentiary to serve in this millennium ?
which driver has the least amount of points ?
in what year were the the most workers affected by a strike ?
the company with the most days on strike
what was the first sailor moon episode to have an english air date in october, 1995 ?
what is the english dubbed title of the first episode to air in english in october of 1995 ?
what was the name of the last episode to come out in september 1995 ?
which film/show is listed the least on this chart ?
which film/show had the most award ceremonies ?
in which year did she have the least amount of awards or nominations ?
what was the last award ceremony on the film/show sarabhai vs sarabhi ?
what song took last place ?
what was the top song in the competition ?
what is the top song title ?
of these players, who had the longest career ?
which circuit has the most sites ?
which circuit has the most screens ?
which circuit has the least amount of screens ?
what is the name of the circuit with the least amount of sites ?
which circuit is ranked last ?
which has the largest number of screens ?
which toadies' song ranked highest in the us main chart in 1995 ?
what is the first single of the toadies ?
which song was the toadies first single ?
what is the first listed news talk information station ?
which frequency is listed first ?
what date had the largest attendance ?
what was the least amount of points scored by a leading scorer ?
what was the first single to be released ?
the download at the top of the chart
what is the last version of the 16-bit cello to be released in the beta cycle ?
in what city was the first race ?
what was the first race ?
which country has the least amount of winning drivers ?
what is the first season listed on the table ?
which opponent is listed the most on this chart ?
who was the last opponent according to this chart ?
which urban area has the least people per square kilometer ?
which urban area ranks first in population density ?
which urban area is ranked first overall ?
which urban area has the largest population ?
in the 2003 summer universiade, which country won the most medals other than gold ?
which nation received the largest amount of gold medals ?
which nation was ranked last ?
in the 2003 summer universiade, which countries earned the highest total numbers of medals ?
which employer has the largest number of employees ?
which employer has the most employees ?
which employer had the least number of employees ?
how many employees did the last listed employer have ?
highest rd number ?
what was the last year that had an achievement listed ?
in what year was lorenzo's latest competition ?
which had the least amount of time ?
in what year was civallero's first listed achievement ?
the year with the most vote %
which has the most surface ?
what is the highest city in terms of altitude ?
which city had the least amount of surface area ?
what is the density of the last city ?
which city has the most people ?
what city ranks first in altitude ?
what city is the largest by surface area ?
what is the last city on this chart ?
who did the broncos play against during the last game of the season ?
who won the first game of the season ?
which week had the least amount of people in attendance ?
alphabetically, what is the last township in ellsworth county, kansas ?
which town in ireland is home to the most amount of miss northern ireland winners since 2000 ?
who finished with the top rank in total medals won ?
what year did firehouse release their last single ?
what was the top uk single on the firehouse album ?
which us technological university has the top enrollment numbers ?
which school had the largest enrollment ?
which of the universities was founded first ?
who scored the most points in a game against them between penn state and boston college ?
what was the highest amount points scored by the 1987 syracuse football team ?
which opponent scored the least amount of points against them in a game ?
what was the last year that no competition was held at the australian open ?
what is the first year of the australian open ?
who earned the most points at the 250cc valencian community motorcycle grand prix ?
what is the last manufacturer listed ?
who was the last person to complete the 250cc valencian community motorcycle grand prix ?
which manufacturer was used by the most riders ?
which three countries are tied for last place ?
which nation came in last place ?
what was the first year where the position was higher than 3rd place ?
after 2008 what was their highest rank ?
which kingdom contained the second most villages, next only to godara ?
which kingdom has the most villages ?
what is the name of the line with the most stations ?
what was the color of the last line on this chart ?
who was the first contestant to be eliminated on season 9 of food network star ?
who was eliminated first, nikki dinki or viet pham ?
who was the top chef ?
what is the last piece of filmography that he has worked on to date ?
what is the last tv show he was in the in 90's ?
what year what his busiest year with the most roles ?
what tv series has he done the most work with in terms of episodes ?
which country won the least amount of bronze medals ?
what country won the least amount of gold medals ?
which country won the most gold medals ?
which country had the highest total amount of medals ?
who was the first person to hold this office ?
what was the first party to hold the office within this table ?
which party had the most consecutive candidates ?
which congressman took office the most times ?
who was the first person to take office in 1803 ?
which racer won the most races ?
which location had the top laps ?
who won the most consecutive number of races during the year ?
when was the last time kansas state lost with 0 points in manhattan ?
when was the first game that kansas state won by double digits ?
before 1950 what was the most points kansas scored ?
who had the most wins in the 1950's: kansas or kansas state ?
what is the last track on the album ?
what is the title of the first song in the album ?
what is the title to the last song ?
the species with the least height
who placed in first according to medals ?
which single had the largest amount of sales in germany ?
which plant is listed first on the table ?
what was the top year for party list votes ?
which election year had the least percentage of party list votes ?
what was the year of the last election according to this chart ?
who was the first player to play for the st louis cardinals ?
which team had the highest number of inductees ?
what song reached the highest position on the french charts ?
what song received the most points ?
which artist came in last place in the national final ?
which artist scored the most points ?
which party had the most prime ministers ?
who is the last player listed ?
who has the most goals ?
what week had the most attendance ?
what week was their last loss ?
who was the first ambassador the united states has sent to mexico ?
who was the last person appointed on this table ?
which united states president appointed the most ambassador's to mexico
the least amount of points scored by phoenix during the season is...
how long was the biggest losing streak ?
what was the most consecutive losses for the mercury in this season ?
what was the top speed in miles per hour ?
what is the first track performed solo by the artist ?
what title had the longest run time ?
what was the first album released ?
what record label appears the most on the chart ?
what is the name of the album that was first to be released ?
the last episode of season one
what was the first air date of season 1 ?
number of episodes in the first season
which league won the least number of golds ?
after rosenborg, which team has the most cup wins ?
which team has the largest margin of victory in an aloha bowl game ?
which teams played in the last aloha bowl ?
what is the largest total number of points scored by both teams in an aloha bowl game ?
which teams were playing in the game with the least amount of people in attendance ?
which part was published latest ?
which year had the least amount of parts published ?
what is the only part to be first released in 2008 ?
which event did he place in first ?
what tournament did anton lyuboslavskiy first place in ?
which event did anton lyuboslavskiy finish in first ?
who was the last pick in round four ?
which team that drafted players in round four had the longest name ?
who was the first player picked in round four ?
which cfl team has the most picks in round four ?
which date is listed first on the table ?
who was the first team a.c milan played against in the uefa championship league ?
which date had the most attendance ?
what is the first date listed for the opponent "reds" ?
what team was the opponent in the first game with over 35,000 attendees ?
which was the last team played ?
what is the longest consecutive streak of wins for the green bay packers during the 1978 season ?
what month were the most games played ?
at what venue did the first game take place ?
how long was the biggest win streak ?
who was the opponent during the last week of the season ?
who has the most number of years until their mandatory retirement ?
who has the least number of years until their mandatory retirement ?
who is in the first postion ?
what entrant has the most drivers ?
which team scored the most points ?
which team conceded the least goals ?
which team scored the most goals ?
who was the top team of the apertura 2003 standings ?
which team earned the least amount of points in the apertura 2003 standings ?
what is the largest tower
which municipality was the first to be established ?
which country has the most #gm ?
which country has the most fide rated players after germany ?
what was the first single to earn a chart position ?
which year has the most singles ?
which county did mccain have the least amount of votes ?
the team that last played on may 17th ,2009
what was the longest consecutive win streak ?
what was the least amount of goals scored in a game ?
what was the last opponent billy dodds played against in his international career ?
what was the most goals scored in one game ?
which brazilian team took the top spot in the 1926 brazilian football cup ?
which team was the top scoring team ?
who won the largest amount of bronze medals ?
which nation ranked first in gold medals ?
what country with more than 20 total medals has the least amount of silver medals ?
which country is last on the table ?
which type of competition was listed the most ?
what type of competition was played the least ?
what was galina chistyakova's last competition ?
in which ceremony did the film win the most awards ?
what is the name of the first category listed on this chart ?
which outcome is listed the most ?
which was listed first, arnold trail to quebec or coplin plantation schoolhouse ?
the name at the last of the list
what year has the highest scoring game ?
the most goals scored by brazil in a game
name the first competition ever played by brazil.
what is the top score ever scored by the brazil national team ?
where was the last competition held according to this chart ?
what was the name of the competition where the top position was earned ?
what is the name of the last cahokia phase ?
which driver and co-driver came in last place ?
which driver and co-driver have the most points ?
who finished with the least time ?
what was the first award he was nominated for ?
which award has wentworth miller been nominated for the most ?
which award has he been nominated most for ?
which area in ranked first in population in 2012 ?
which residential neighborhood has the least area ?
what was the last year of harald v of norway's reign ?
which club president kept his position for the longest amount of time ?
who as the first rmc club president of the 20th century ?
which score consecutively had the highest percentage of students in it each year ?
which year had the largest number of students who scored 5s ?
when was the first game played in houston, tx ?
which team scored the most points in 2008 ?
which team had the longest consecutive winning streak ?
which game date had the highest winning score ?
at which location has the east-west game been played the most ?
what year was the first union match between new zealand and wales played ?
which nation earned the most gold medals ?
which title was the last title ?
which title came first ?
what was the last year that vinnie dombroski won an award ?
which of the players listed had the least number of years in the nba ?
which player has the most years in the nba ?
who spent the most years in the nba ?
which team was the first team to score six goals ?
which teams were in the first replay match ?
in this contest, which team was the top contender ?
who was the top pitcher drafted ?
which candidate came in first place, with the most votes ?
which county did feinstein have the least amount of votes in ?
which county had the least amount of votes for horne ?
which candidate had the least votes by percentage ?
which democrat had the top percentage ?
what was the most percentage a republican achieved ?
where was the last venue before the opponent colombia ?
of those listed, which compound has the highest density ?
which country has the largest number of total medals ?
which country has the most silver medals ?
which country had the top bronze metal count ?
which country holds the top gold metals ?
which member of the 500 club has the least amount of home runs ?
which boston red sox player got the most career home runs ?
which player has the highest number of career home runs ?
which institution was founded last ?
what college has the top enrollment ?
which college has the largest non-sectarian enrollment
which institution has the most enrollment ?
which college was the last to be founded.
nigeria has the most gold medals, but who has the most medals overall ?
which nation won the most gold medals ?
which 4 countries were scored last, with only 1 bronze medal each ?
which country was ranked as the top in the 1999 all-africa games ?
what country ranks first in total medals won ?
which nation heard the most total medals ?
which country has the most number of medals ?
what year had the most titles released ?
what was the first release title from coh ?
which format had the most releases ?
what was the first year that there were no titles released on vinyl ?
which year had the most vinyls released
the first service after capital yorkshire
the service with the least bit rate
which service has the lowest bit rate ?
what year did the first model have its first flight ?
what is the top cruise speed listed ?
what is the name of the last model listed on this chart ?
according to the list, who has the most runners-up ?
which country had the highest number of runners-up ?
which country came in first place ?
what country has the least finals totals ?
in which country did thierry tulasne win his last singles title ?
who was the opponent in the last tournament ?
which surface was used the least ?
which month were the most championships played ?
what is the name of the venue where the last competition was played ?
against which team did holosko score the most goals ?
what was the first date of the first international competition ?
who was the last opponent ?
which date had the most attendance ?
what was the date of their last loss of the season ?
what year is the first "usl second division league" listed ?
what is the last year the last "usl second division" is listed ?
which was the last canal opened in scotland ?
which was the first canal opened in scotland ?
who was the first coach to reach the ncaa tournament ?
which head coach had the top win percentage ?
which head coach had the most losses ?
which university has the least in endowment ?
which institution has the most undergraduate enrollment ?
which university has the most in undergraduate enrollment after cornell university ?
which has the least number or academic staff ?
colombia has the highest graduate enrollment at 15,760. what school has the next highest ?
what is the difference in enrollment numbers (total graduate and undergraduate) between the highest attend and lowest attended ivy league school ?
what was the last school to join the genesee county b league ?
what was the last opponent played in 1950 ?
after brazil which country produced the most niobium ?
what country was the top producer of niobium in the year 2003 ?
what year was the first prion characterized ?
which was the first country to sell weapons to iraq ?
which country had the largest number of towed guns delivered ?
which nation came in last in the 2007 worlds qualification tournament ?
who came in first place during the 2007 worlds qualification tournament ?
in what year did bend or win his first race ?
which race in 1880 took the least amount of time to finish ?
what was the first non volume game released in 2004 ?
which year had the most game releases ?
which club had the highest average attendance ?
which stadium has the least number of average attendees ?
what was the last released game for game boy advance ?
what was the first game released ?
which airline has the highest license #
what is the domestic code at the top of the list ?
which coach had the most years as a coach ?
which country won the most medals ?
which nation earned the most bronze medals, thailand or south korea ?
who won the most gold medals ?
which country won the least medals ?
which country won the least number of medals ?
what is the last track on the album smile!  ?
which lyricist has the largest amount of tracks ?
what is the song title of the first track on the album smile!  ?
which name had the highest number ?
what is the english american name that the most people have ?
which judge began active service first, wayne edward alley or james henry alesia ?
what title is at the top of the table ?
which collection made the top of the list ?
what was the name of the first title released ?
largest victory
the most goals scored in a game
what is the last constellation featured on this table ?
what constellation appears last on this table ?
which town/village has the highest number of people ?
which town would come first in alphabetical order, of all the towns in the faroe islands ?
what is the last date listed ?
who were the first champions ?
which location was used the most often ?
who was the first person to hold the titles with three different partners ?
which hand is the top hand in the card game super aces ?
who was the first judge from florida to serve the position ?
which judge was last appointed by president truman ?
who was the first judge appointed from georgia ?
which state has the largest amount of judges to serve ?
what is the last state in the table ?
what is the first state after delhi ?
what is the top state in the table ?
list the top 5 teams within highest total.
who had the the lowest single game attendance ?
what number represents the most fans to attend a japanese football league game in 2001 ?
the team to finish first after denso sc
which team comes last in attendance ?
which bench is represented the most ?
which star has the highest distance at maximum ?
who was in office for the least amount of time ?
who was in office for the most amount of time ?
who was the first commissioner of food and drug, appointed in january 1907 ?
which election was the first to reach over 40% of the popular vote ?
what was the last election to have under 35% of the popular votes ?
when was the first ship laid down ?
when was the last ship laid down ?
which shipyard was used the most ?
during which year were the most ships completed ?
what was dan pohl's first round score ?
who won the most money ?
what golfer received the most money in the 1981 pga championship ?
who shot the highest single round ?
what is the first place listed in this chart ?
which country is listed the most under the silver column ?
how many world championships had the soviet union won first place in in the 25 metre pistol women's world championship ?
in what year was szalai's first international goal ?
when did ádám szalai make his first international goal ?
when was the last super chinese game released ?
of the titles released in north america, which had the least releases ?
the first year a game was released in north america
which platforms had the most titles released ?
who is the first major league hitter to hit two grand slams in one game ?
what was the name of the last person to accomplish this up to date ?
which team had the most medals without a gold medal ?
who had the top number of bronze awards ?
which ship has the least years in service for cunard ?
according to the chart what was the last ship built ?
what is the date that the last ship was built ?
which ship was first employed as a world war ii troopship ?
which format was used the most according to this chart ?
what was the release date of the first single ?
what label was appears the most ?
what was the name of the last television show between 2004 and february, 2013 in which mauli dave played herself ?
which show was the last to air ?
which games featured the least amount of events ?
which olympics had the most participants ?
what country had the most receipts per capita in 2005 ?
what country had the least arrivals per 1000 inhabitants in 2007(estimated) ?
what is the name of the country that had the most international tourism arrivals in 2010 ?
which country had the least amount of tourism income in 2003 ?
which latin american country had the largest number of tourism arrivals in 2010 ?
what is the last country listed on this chart ?
what country makes the most tourist income ?
what distance hurdles was run the most ?
in what year did the first h-ii flight take place ?
what was the earliest date of a flight ?
what h-ii flight took place last ?
what opponent is listed last on the table ?
list the opponent in which the result was the least out of all the results.
which team did czech republic score the most goals against ?
in their first 20 games, which team did the tigers play the most ?
when was the first away game ?
which division has the least entries ?
what is the lowest position earned during this team's history ?
when was the last season ?
which division as the most entries ?
when was the first season ?
how many players tied for last place with a total of 30 rebounds ?
which pga tour event gave out the least prize money to its 1st place finisher ?
which tournament rewarded the most money for first prize ?
which state hosted the most pga tour tournaments ?
who win the last pga tour event of the year ?
which country has the highest 2017 gdp ?
which country had the least amount of per capita usd in 2012 ?
which country has the highest per capita (usd) for 2017 ?
who got the most bonus points ?
which make had the most consecutive finishes at the aarons 499 ?
what driver earned the least amount of winnings ?
who is first in number of winnings on this list ?
which tournament had the most points per game ?
during which tournament did florent average the least points per game ?
in which tournament did the team score the most points per game ?
which engine(s) has the least amount of power ?
which city is shown first on the table ?
when was the first time the race was finished in under 10 seconds ?
what city is listed with the least time ?
what state came in last in the evening gown competition ?
who placed first ?
who scored the highest in the swimsuit round ?
which game date shows the least in the final score for a win ?
what was the first year they qualified after 2004 ?
which results were listed the most under the playoffs column ?
what was the most consecutive regular season 1st place finishes ?
last year not to make the open cup
what was the result of the last playoffs ?
who placed first in the 2008 canadian grand prix ?
who was the last driver listed to receive points ?
of all the retired drivers, which of them completed the least amount of laps ?
which country did most drivers represent ?
who earned the top amount of points ?
which driver earned the least amount of points.
what driver earned the most points ?
what is the total point difference between the driver who received the most points and the driver who received the least ?
which driver has the least amount of points ?
what date was the first game played ?
the senators' first lost came against which team ?
what year was eddie royal first in the leauge
which airline carries the most passengers ?
the least number of passengers came from which city
which canadian city had the most passengers traveling from manzanillo international airport in 2013 ?
in what year did finland first face greece ?
what was the name of the first competition according to this chart ?
what is the title of the last album ?
what was the name of the first album released ?
which has the most land area in miles ?
which township in pope county, arkansas has the least amount of water area ?
which township has the least water area in miles ?
which township has the largest population ?
what is the definition of the last channel ?
which player had the largest number of &#931; points ?
who was the top scorer from switzerland ?
the most points were scored by which player ?
who did they have the largest win/loss differential against ?
of the teams with 100% wins, which team played the most games ?
who discused the largest amount of topics ?
what is the longest consecutive amount of topics that luke write about ?
where was the last competition held ?
how many titles does the last team on this chart have ?
which school has participated the longest number of years ?
which team has the most titles at the great lakes invitational ?
which school has placed fourth the most times ?
which team had the most fourth place finishes ?
in which city did the most operettas premiere ?
what was the year of the last title ?
which year did he release his last operetta ?
which genre is featured the most in this chart ?
what is the last competition listed on the table ?
what was the last competition they took place in ?
who is the first golfer not from the united states to finish in the top 10 ?
what was the design of the first passenger baseplate for vehicle registration of vermont ?
what was the design on the first issued plates ?
in what year was the last design of passenger baseplates for vehicle registration issued in vermont ?
what was the design on the last vehicle registration plates of vermont ?
which nation has earned the least amount of gold medals ?
name the first country on the table ?
what is the difference between the nation with the most medals and the nation with the least amount of medals ?
who has won the most bronze medals ?
which country comes in first place ?
which party got the most votes ?
which party received the least votes ?
which party held the most seats but had a lesser turnout ?
which party won the top place in the election ?
which single rated highest on the us mainstream rock chart ?
what is the first single listed ?
what is the last song listed on the table ?
which album had the most singles releases ?
the game on what date had the most attendance ?
what is the highest number of consecutive wins by the 1990 southern miss golden eagles football team ?
on what date did the eagles score the least points ?
which 1990 southern miss golden eagles football game had the most people in attendance ?
which country's team came in last place during the 1951 world ice hockey championships ?
which country conceded the least goals ?
what was the most years a show lasted ?
what was the first tv series that gauri tejwani appeared in ?
which television show was gauri in for the longest amount of time ?
which award did scrubs win the most of ?
what was the last awared scrubs was nominated for ?
in what year was the last nomination received ?
which country as the most people on average ?
which country has the most people ?
which player was born last ?
against which opponent were there the most people in attendance ?
what is the first english translation listed on the table ?
what month were the most tournaments held in ?
who scored the least points in the june 25 game ?
which opponent had the highest attendance after north carolina on june 21 ?
which game number had the most attendance ?
which month were the least amount of games held in ?
in the 1975 stanley cup playoffs, which team scored the most in a single series against the buffalo sabres ?
what was the date of the last playoff game ?
what was the score of the buffalo sabres in the last game ?
what was the date of the first game that the black hawks lost in the playoffs ?
what location had the most games ?
which date had the most people in attendance ?
what was the largest number of consecutive wins ?
what's the most consecutive times croatia has qualified ?
which year had the most matches, 1998 or 2002 ?
which year saw the most naturalization by marriage ?
most gain british citizenship in which manner ?
in which year were the least amount of jamaicans granted british citizenship ?
which city has the most density ?
which city had the least people at the 2002 census ?
which locality has the least amount of area according to this chart ?
what is the greatest amount of consecutive years that the lions did not qualify for playoffs ?
when was the first year the team qualified for the playoffs ?
which player lost the least ?
who won the highest number of legs in the 2009 world matchplay ?
which country had the earliest opening date ?
which happened first: a closing date for australia or or an opening date for russia ?
which township has the most land area ?
which township has the least in population ?
which township has the least population density ?
which township has the greatest population total ?
the town with the largest population desnsity
which nationality has the least players ?
who was the first player that the oilers picked ?
what was the top team ?
what driver placed last ?
what is the name of the first team on this chart ?
which driver scored the least amount of points ?
what was the last movie that kajal aggarwal won an award for ?
what was the first role kajal played ?
what was the top team according to position in table called ?
which new manager was purchased for the most money in the 2007-08 premier league season ?
which outgoing manager was appointed the last ?
who is the longest living lesbian on the list ?
who was the first person born ?
who was the first to die after elisabeth irwin ?
who is the oldest living gay, lesbian, or bisexual famous person with a last name from i-j ?
what is the last region listed on the table ?
what is the first name on the table ?
who was the top prize winner in cha$e ?
who is the youngest female, but not the youngest overall on the show cha$e ?
which interval has the most justs ?
which tournament offered the most prize money ?
which tournament is the last one of the year ?
on which dates were the highest scores ?
which opponent team had the most wins ?
which team played the least number of games ?
if all the teams were placed in order of number of wins to least number of wins, who would be in last place ?
which month held the least amount of competitions ?
what was the highest amount of penalty points ?
who received the top time for japan ?
which team had the top transfer come in ?
which player paid the most in transfer fees ?
who was the first player whose transfer fee exceeded 8 million euros ?
which incoming player had the highest transfer fee ?
which rider who was not from the united kingdom had the least final points ?
the least number of points belongs to whom ?
which country had the most riders ?
which rider from the uk the least amount of total points ?
which rider from the united kingdom had the most total points ?
which was damons' last title to be the executive producer on ?
what year were the most titles produced ?
which of damons' titles won the most awards ?
what role did damon play most throughout his career ?
who was the first laureate in physiology or medicine ?
name of the first nobel laureates from penn.
which competition has the highest meters listed ?
which venue hosted the largest amount of events within this table ?
what was the most number of points scored in a game ?
the artist with the first letter k
who had the most televotes on the eurovision song contest 2008 ?
what was the first place eurovision song contest 2008 song ?
which year held the most competitions ?
prior to 2007, what was the highest place achieved ?
what was the last competition he was in before the 2012 olympics ?
what was the last single to be on the nz charts ?
which track had the highest peak position ?
what was the last single released by the triffids ?
what title received the most favorable position on the aus chart ?
what was his greatest number of wins in a year ?
what was the greatest number of years that grissom racing enterprises had consecutive wins ?
who was the first head of medici ?
who was the last head of the medici ?
who was the head of the medici for the most years ?
who was the last head of medici ?
which city has the stadium that can hold the most people ?
which stadium has the largest number of seats ?
which model is at the top of the list with the highest starting price ?
which model had the highest starting price
which team had the highest score during one game ?
what club has the most players ?
who is the tallest player on the chart ?
who is the shortest player on the current roster ?
who did the green bay packers and chicago bears pick first ?
which nfl team picked the first player
who is the first detroit lions pick not from the pac-10 ?
what was the last public middle school founded in hawaii ?
which school was established first ?
what was the first public middle school established in hawaii ?
what year was the last school established ?
which team was the top scorer in the 1st leg ?
which city has the smallest area ?
which city has the least density ?
which commune has the least number of inhabitants ?
which had the highest individual number ?
which month had the least amount of games ?
who was the first republican representative ?
what is the last republican listed ?
who had pole position the most times ?
who placed first in round 8 ?
which party has the most membership ?
what brand has been constructor the most ?
which date has the most attendance ?
in what week was the eagles' first victory of the season ?
what was the first destroyer to be completed ?
which country built the most ships according to this cart ?
what was the first ship to be launched in 1929 ?
what ship has the most letters in it's name ?
which mainland has the least population ?
if you were to arrange the locations from the smallest to largest area, which one would be first on the list ?
which party is the least represented in the vacator column ?
which district was first to have a successor seated ?
which district is listed last on this chart ?
which school is the first school to have been closed ?
what sport won the most gold medals ?
which french competitor won the largest amount of medals in the 2000 summer olympics ?
what car made the least amount of points ?
what was the time for the driver who came in last place ?
what main driver made the most points in the pcwrc ?
which party has won the most ?
which season had the least amount of housemates ?
who has presented the most seasons ?
largest number of housemates was during season...
which two winners of grande fratello won the most money ?
which season had the smallest audience ?
how many days was the longest season of grande fratello ?
which year had the most domestic passengers ?
which year saw the highest drop in total passengers from the previous year ?
what year had the greatest number of international passengers ?
what year was the earliest bull-dog drummond published ?
who authored the least number of titles ?
which film won the most awards ?
what director has credit for directing the most films ?
what other panellinios basket coach shares the same first name as nikos nisiotis ?
when was the last appearance in the greek league ?
when was the first year that poland did not place in the top three positions of the team speedway junior world championship ?
which team has the most third place wins in the speedway junior world championship between 2005 and 2012 ?
which sunken u-boat had the most casualties
which ship sunk the most u-boats
which u-boat was the first to sink
which competition is represented the most in this chart ?
which country was the venue in the most number of times ?
what was the least number of points scored in a win ?
what was the first game listed as having a winning result (w) ?
against which opponent was the last game of the season ?
which opponent was the last opponent to play at the soldier field ?
what was the date of the last contest with the atlanta falcons ?
which site held the most games ?
what is the first song on the album produced by havoc ?
who produced the last track of the album ?
what is the name of the last song on the album ?
what performers were in the last track ?
how long os the longest track on the album ?
how long is the longest track listed ?
which baseplates has the most numbers ?
when was the first baseplate issued ?
what year was the last license plate issued ?
which country have they played against the most ?
the team with the most gold medals
the country that won the most medals was ?
what is the name of the first nation on this chart ?
which country had the least bronze medals ?
how long did the first director serve in office ?
what is the pylon with the least height listed here ?
which pylon has the most remarks about it ?
which pylon is the least tall ?
how many metres is the tallest pylon ?
what year was the last pylon in germany built ?
who has the most bronze medals ?
who won the most bronze medals ?
who served the most years as mayor ?
which mayor was in office the least amount of years ?
which party won the most number of time ?
which mayor was for the least time period as mayor position ?
who won by the least ?
in what year did the runner participate in the most marathons ?
what was the first marathon juma ikangaa won ?
which competition is listed the most in this chart ?
how long is the longest dong on prophets vs. profits ?
what is the shortest song from the album ?
what was the most points scored by cardiff city ?
who was the last opponent ?
which month were the most games played in ?
what was the result of the first game on this chart ?
on what date was the last game in which cardiff city f.c. scored 2 goals ?
which driver appears the most ?
who had the most wins ?
who was the first united states driver ?
which team completed the most laps ?
which team from the united states completed the most laps ?
which team did the most laps according to this chart ?
name the first pornographic film listed on the table.
which racing series has the highest total of winners ?
what is the last city listed ?
which schools have the largest number of shared titles ?
what was the last year that the regent house grammar school won a title ?
what is his highest number of consecutive wins ?
what was the highest number of consecutive wins ?
who finished in first place ?
who finished in last place ?
who completed run 1 in the least amount of time ?
which athlete took first place ?
what is the first sensor size in the table ?
which sensor has the largest area ?
which image frame has the largest crop factor ?
what year had the highest total number ?
in what year was there the largest percentage of hungarians ?
what year had the next highest percentage for roma after 2011 ?
which year had the top percentage in romanian population ?
in the 1996 forum, which candidate had the least votes ?
which party received the most votes ?
which candidates had the most votes listed ?
which party received the least votes
which party obtained the largest percentage of votes in the 1996 forum ?
what is the longest track in terms of time ?
which swara holds the last position ?
what is the name of the swara that holds the first position ?
which team won the most games in a match ?
what was the highest amount of points scored in a single game in the second round of the 198485 greek cup ?
who was the last rider in the 250cc class ?
what episode had the highest amount of u.s viewers ?
what is the name of the last episode of season 1 ?
who was the first miami heat player to have their jersey retired ?
what team appears on this table the most ?
which of the listed teams has the most players elected to the hall of fame according to this table ?
who was the last noted ruler ?
which era of the reign of sun quan was the longest ?
in which canadian province were the most consecutive concerts played ?
which leg was the last leg ?
what party was the last provincial representative of gilbert plains ?
who was the last representative to take office ?
when did the first provincial representative for gilbert plains take office ?
which team was the opponents of this team the most ?
which game had the most attendance ?
what is the date of the last game on this chart ?
who was the first team to beat the 1987 chicago cubs in august ?
what were the most runs that the cubs scored in a single day in august 1987 ?
when was the first neutral site game to be won by tampa bay ?
the game on which date had the most attendance ?
which airport has the least amount of passengers going through london southend airport ?
what year did the bulldogs make the greatest number of tries
there were years where he had 0 goals but was year did he have the most goals ?
which season has the least number of appearances ?
which team name had the most goals in a year (bulldogs, roosters, tigers)
what car achieved the highest qual ?
what is the most common cause for a retired car ?
in which years did he lead the race the least ?
what is the last date of the cartoon directed by gerry chiniquy ?
who directed the least number of the inspector episodes in 1967 ?
what is the last title listed in the table ?
which month held the most winchester 400 races ?
which make was used the least ?
which make of car was used the least by those that won races ?
who on the list has the highest number of consecutive wins ?
what is the last junction on highway 91 ?
what is the least amount of points scored throughout the 2004/05 season ?
what year had the most candidates elected ?
before 1990 what was the highest percentage of popular vote ?
what year had the least percent of the popular vote ?
what year had the largest number of candidates elected ?
what was the largest number of votes ?
year with largest number of candidates selected
which wikimania conference has the least number of attendees ?
which year has the most number of attendees ?
how many people attended the first wikimania conference in 2005 ?
who has the most years won of players who missed the cut ?
who had the most wins from the united states ?
which is david d'or's oldest album ?
what was david d'or's first album ?
what was the certification of the last title on this chart ?
name the note that appears last on the minor seventh column of the table.
according to the table, which destination was the last to become available ?
which club had the most losses ?
which team out of su agen and castres olympique had the most scored points ?
which club had the least amount of points ?
what is the number of sheriff's with the last name smith ?
when did the first sheriff's term start ?
how many sheriff's have the last name biggs ?
which company had the least revenue ?
which company had the most revenue ?
which company had the most employees ?
what company has the top number of employees ?
which political party did most ministers side with ?
who was the first minister of transport ?
what party has the most representatives in the diet representation ?
name the countries with the least amount if silver medals ?
what country is listed last on this list ?
what is the name of the last ship that was scrapped ?
what date was the first ship launched ?
which alumni in the 1990's has the least number of international caps ?
the team with the most international caps
the team with the largest number of caps after 1988
who had the most assists on the 1993-1994 flyers ?
who was the top winner ?
which teams have the most number of wins ?
which team was the first to have five winners ?
in what year was karine ruby's first olympics ?
who had the fewest number of gold medals ?
who has earned the most medals ?
who had the most bronze medals ?
who has won the most total snowboarding medals ?
who has won the most bronze medals ?
what is the name of the last title listed in this chart ?
which month aired the most episodes according to this chart ?
which player was the first player to be drafted ?
the first round not to have a draft pick.
what is the name of the last player on this chart ?
what tribunal had the least number of autos da fe ?
which tribunal pronounced the least number of sentences between 1701 and 1746 ?
what tribunal had the most executions in effigie ?
which tribunal sentenced the largest number of executions ?
during this time period, which spanish tribunal had the most autos da fe ?
which lake has the largest elevation ?
which lake has the greatest elevation ?
name the largest lake
what was the last year that yelena slesarenko had a 1st place finish at the world indoor championships ?
which year held the most tournaments ?
when did she first win first place ?
in what year did yelena slesarenko accumulate the most 'top 5' finishes ?
what was the first year in which the result was 1st place ?
when was the last time she won first place ?
which team came in last place ?
which team had the most wins ?
which team had the most points ?
which team had the least amount on losses ?
which province in andalusia has the largest population ?
what province has the least population ?
which province in andalusia has the highest density ?
which province has the most legal districts ?
which province has the largest density in square miles ?
what is the province with the most municipalities ?
in what year did england get the top achievment in the 200 meter ?
name the two kingdoms whose monarchs have the longest and second longest reign.
what country had the least gdp growth from 2007-2011 ?
which is the top african nation that earns the most gdp in billions ?
which is the last african nation in the list ?
which country has the most in total gdp ?
who was the opponent at the game with the largest crowd ?
what was the largest consecutive wins did the brisbane broncos have in their 2007 season ?
what stadium hosted the largest crowd for the brisbane broncos in 2007 ?
who was the last character on bbc to be hiv positive ?
what was the first made for television film to address people with aids ?
who was the first character on abc to be hiv positive ?
what was the last show aired by abc ?
the last player picked came from what school ?
what is the name of the player picked in the last round ?
what was the top attendance for this season ?
what date was the last game played on ?
which location has the least number of attendees for the month of march ?
did philip larsen and chris smith or philip larsen and stephan clark do the most remixes ?
what is the least number of concerts given in a season
when was the last premier date of academy fantasia ?
what is the last season that ton won ?
what is the name of the first presenter on this chart ?
what is the first area covered ?
what is the name of the last area listed on this chart ?
which area of england was the last to be featured on the program ?
what is the diameter of the smallest bell ?
what is the name of the bell with the most diameter ?
what was the largest prize awarded to soviet song in 2004 ?
previous to july 6, 2004 what is the highest prize money ?
what was the longest number of consecutive first place wins for soviet song in 2004 ?
which game had the greatest score difference ?
what was the last season when mike scott was the opening day starter for the astros ?
who was the first astro to be the opening day pitcher in the astrodome ?
which television station broadcast the most of the games ?
when was their first loss of the season ?
which stadium had their highest attendance ?
what is the most consecutive wins in this 1996 season ?
what was the last year that they received first ?
which interferometer has the highest maximum baseline ?
which wrestler lasted the least amount of time in part two of battle royal ?
which song is listed first in the table ?
what is the name of her last album produced with rock records ?
what is the last church in the silverlake neighborhood listed ?
what is the last church located in koreatown ?
which school offers the most grades ?
which is the first church located in los angeles ?
which has the most distance, hattori or kibitsu ?
what was the date of the last time glen seton won ?
which model of car won the most races in the 1992 season ?
how many marathons was the result a first place finish ?
what was the most marathons that pavel loskutov ran in any year ?
what year was first time to win an event
the least number of kilometres traveled was what number ?
which locomotive was the first to enter into service ?
what was the most kilometres traveled ?
which locomotive entered service first: 4107 or 4103 ?
which club is ranked in last ?
what is the last competition they competed in ?
who had the least aggregate wins ?
what country lost the most ships to u-502 ?
which group had the most members ?
between eta zeta and eta alpha, who has been active for the longest ?
which chapter was founded first, zeta eta or zeta omega ?
what model car was the most used ?
who was casper elgaard's co-driver the most often for the 24 hours of le mans ?
who was the first recorded winner of the eindhoven marathon ?
who was the last european woman to win the eindhoven marathon ?
what was the first year in which babin had over 10 sacks ?
in what year did babin have the highest amount of fumble recoveries
team he played most games with.
what are the least amount of points scored during the 1981 falcons season ?
what team played the last game of the 1981 season ?
which home team scored the most points ?
which team first won the first round ?
which team had the most wins ?
what team had the most number of runs by margin ?
what was the last team to play in the tournament ?
what year was the first game ?
who scored the least amount of points ?
which team had the largest goal difference ?
what 1919 brazilian football team won the least points ?
who finished first ?
which team had the fewest lost games ?
what 1919 brazilian football team had the most points ?
which model is the only model to have the lowest caliber ?
which model had the most production during the years of manufacture ?
what was the last year of manufacture for these revolvers ?
what model revolver had the least number of revolvers produced ?
which models have the largest barrels ?
which country took first place ?
which artist was first in point after nunzio gallo ?
which country took last place ?
who took first place ?
name the member with the highest apparent magnitude.
which artist has the least highest position ?
what was the highest that german silva placed in an international race after 1995 ?
who was the top finisher for germany ?
which rider scored the least amount of points ?
who has the most points ?
which was china's first publication ?
what was the score in the last game between the phillies and the expos ?
which team had the most progress on penalties ?
which year did she work on the most films ?
what was athena chu's first role ?
longest throw
when was his last competition ?
how long was kazlou's longest throw in major international competition ?
distance in first competition
what season has the most transfer windows ?
what player had the most transfer fee ?
which country laughed the first ship in 1878 ?
which was the first ship to be launched in 1878 ?
who built the last ship on the table ?
which region had the least total of unsolved cases ?
what was the cause of the most deaths ?
which club member has the farthest shot put ?
who was the last member to join the 20 metre club ?
which club member had the top distance ?
what team had the first pick in round 17 of the 1969 nfl draft ?
which songwriter is credited with the largest number of songs ?
who wrote with o.c. the most ?
who produced the most tracks ?
what is the last track listed on the record ?
which songwriters are credited with the least songs ?
who has the highest average ?
what was her first role ?
what was the title of the last television appearance she had in 2010 ?
based on the table, which locomotive was built first ?
of the locomotives at the museum, what is the name of the first one produced ?
which area is the least dense ?
which area has the largest population ?
which area under the satellite cities has the most in population ?
after australia, what nation has the highest number of players for melbourne ?
who played the most amount of matches ?
adama traore was the first ivorian to play for what soccer club ?
who scored the most points ?
who was the last draw ?
which artist came in last place ?
who is the next tallest player after thaisa menezes ?
which team had the most number of laps ?
which country has produced the most drivers ?
which competition came in last position out of all of the competitions shown ?
what was the least position won ?
what is the most time it too for itoh to complete an event ?
which party was elected the least ?
who was the first member to be elected ?
who built the larger version of the first bagnall locomotive ?
what was the last locomotive ?
which district has the most density ?
which of the 11 districts has the highest population density ?
what district has the most persons per square kilometer ?
who was the first athlete to be faster than 12.3 ?
which country had the most athletic representation ?
between missouri and iowa state who won the most games ?
what was the name of the last team listed on this chart ?
which team held first position during the 1993-94 season ?
what country won the most medals ?
what country won the largest number of gold medals ?
which country won the most silver medals ?
what was the last film directed by c. v. sridhar ?
what was the first movie directed by c.v. sridhar that was filmed in the hindi language ?
who wrote the most music for c.v. sridhars movies  ?
which film was the first to be directed by sridhar ?
what year was the last movie sridhar directed ?
in which year was the least amount of earnings won ?
what is the most us$ mario an&#269;i&#263; has earned in the atp tour in one year ?
what was the last year mario anèi? had an atp win ?
what is the first mobile prefix for sotelco ltd.
which class has the least displacement in tonnes ?
which class has the most displacement in tonnes ?
what team finished at the top of all else and was finished as champions ?
who was the last to win against his opponent ?
who won the first world darts championship ?
which quarry was the last to open ?
what is the last operating quarry that connects to the rhiwbach tramway ?
what was the first series in 2001 ?
which season held the most series ?
who had the most weeks at number one, according to the table ?
which song stayed at no.1 for the most amount of weeks.
who is the operator of the first terminal listed on this chart ?
which pump had the top cop variation at 35 degrees celsius ?
which was the last ship in service ?
in 2008, david oliver came in first during what competition ?
where was the first competition held according to this chart ?
what was the name of the last competition ?
at what competition did david receive the least position ?
what movie was he nominated the most times for ?
which was erbedija's first festival/event where he was nominated but didn't win an award ?
when was the last time rade serbedzija won an award for best actor ?
what was the last state to be formed ?
which was the first state to be formed ?
what is the least number of meters habte jifar has run ?
what was the longest distance traveled in the competitions ?
what was the first year in which jifar placed lower than 2nd ?
which conference had the most bids ?
name one of the painters that was last in rank for color.
what is the largest year listed ?
what was the title of the first improv challenge ?
what is the last set of years listed ?
what is the earliest technical challenge title ?
what is the highest ranking the team has ever received ?
what was the last year the team finished 2nd ?
what was the last episode called ?
which episode is listed at the top of the list ?
what is the first episode to air in 1996 ?
which film had the largest single week gross ?
what movie was the highest grossing film the most consecutive weekends ?
what movie grossed the most amount of money in one weekend ?
what was the last film of the year ?
what was the last movie joya ahsan played in ?
which opponent did he score the most goals against ?
which team had the highest score out of all of the games ?
which country won the most medals total ?
what country had the most medals ?
the biggest worldwide opening since 2002 is held by what movie ?
which film had the least opening weekend ?
what was kelkar's last role ?
which show ran the longest ?
who is listed first, bragan?a or ávila ?
who is the top team ?
which team gave up the most goals ?
which team scored the most goals in the apertura 2008 standings ?
list each team with the most draws.
which rider completed all 21 laps of the 2008 malaysian motorcycle grand prixwith the longest time ?
who is at the top out of the riders ?
which nation finished first in total medals earned ?
what were the most points scored by the losing team ?
what was the least points scored by the winning team ?
what was the first venue played on this table ?
when was the last time he scored an international goal ?
who had the largest percentact in 1971 ?
how many laps did the last place finisher complete ?
what team came in last, not counting teams disqualified or teams that did not finish ?
which country took the most time ?
which country took the least amount of time ?
against what opponent did utah score the largest amount of points ?
when was the last 2009 utah utes football game ?
when was the first game for the 2009 utah utes football team ?
what was neha's last film ?
who is the last manager shown to have been appointed ?
what year was the first unit built according to this chart ?
which type has the lowest max speed ?
which train has the least speed ?
which card was issued most ?
which year had the most stamps issued ?
which province has the most area ?
who had the top score in the pga championship ?
in what year did he first race ?
what was the highest position achieved in 2003 ?
which team won the most games in london after 2005 ?
what school was the top winner in the women's tournament in 2003 ?
of mcgill, western, and toronto, who won the least final matches between 2003-13 ?
what is the greatest number of consecutive wins of the women's tournament between 2003 and 2013 ?
who was the top pick of the 1989 major league baseball draft ?
which submarine had the most tonnage ?
what was the first vessel sunk in may 1940 ?
which city has the largest number of people in camarines sur ?
what is the largest city/municipality by area ?
who is the mayor with the least city area to govern over ?
what award does cherry jones have the most of ?
which association awarded jones' first award after the year 2000 ?
what category was the last nomination ?
which movie was the first win ?
what is the name of the first club on this chart ?
which team had the highest number of losses ?
who served the most years as director ?
what director served the longest term ?
when was his last match ?
what was the date of the first international goal ?
what competition was teeratep winothai in when he made his last international goal of 2008 ?
what party has the most mp's ?
which party has the most mps ?
what party has the highest number of mps ?
what is the highest number of goals podolski has scored in an international game ?
where was the first "friendly" competition held ?
in what country were the most games held ?
which was the last album to be produced ?
what was the top position an album reached on either chart ?
what is the name of the last model listed on this chart ?
which model was the first portable device ?
what is the last school to be founded in the aac ?
which institution began with the most enrollment ?
which aac school has the most students ?
who was the top player ?
who had the least number of strokes at the 2010 us open ?
what was the first english title role ?
which year's were the most japanese titles produced ?
what is the score of the last game on this chart ?
highest number of points by a team in a game.
the visitor with the least score
who was the top scorer on day 9 in january ?
what was the score of the first game on this chart ?
who placed first in the race ?
who was the first driver to finish ?
what was the first year boston college won the championship ?
in what year was their largest margin of victory ?
the first person eliminated was who ?
largest run differential
which opponent had the largest amount of points scored ?
who was the last opponent ?
who was the opponent on the first game of the season ?
which club has played in the most supercups without winning ?
what was the first year that grazer ak won a performance ?
what was the last year that fk austria wien won the austrian supercup ?
what was the last single released ?
what was the first single released for the epic label ?
who has the most goals plus caps ?
which country had the least number of recorded births ?
what is the largest number of births recorded ?
kert toobal is the oldest who is the next oldest player listed ?
which place has the lowest, lower zip code ?
who was the first opponent of the season ?
what country won the most medals in shooting at the 1988 summer olympics ?
who were the top ranked countries in medal rank ?
which of these countries is ranked first ?
which country earned the most gold medals ?
which choke has the least constriction ?
which of the 1 notch barrels has the highest constriction ?
what was the last released featured performance by notorious b.i.g.
what year had the least us peak chart positions ?
which was the first treaty in morocco to be ratified ?
which was the first human rights treaty to be signed ?
what is the last treaty morocco ratified ?
what is the earliest treaty signed by morocco ?
which section is longest? ?
how long was the longest title reign ?
who had the most successful defenses ?
what country does the least amount of successful defenses come from ?
what is the longest title reign after champion joe calzaghe ?
who was the first person to take office after benjamin edwards ?
name the tallest building.
what was the first building named as the tallest ?
what was the greatest number of gold medals won by a single athlete ?
which nation was the first to win three gold medals for olympic figure skating ?
what is the longest time on the table ?
what is last city in china to host world record
what is the last chassis listed ?
when was minelli's first film ?
which team has the most championships ?
which of the madison sports teams was established first ?
which three weapons have the highest caliber ?
of the members of the third incarnation of the lachlan, who served the longest ?
which award show was the most nominations made ?
what was the first character she played in her first movie ?
in what year did jon stewart have the highest number of roles ?
what show has john stewart had the longest tenure on ?
who is the most team with wins ?
who was the highest leading goalkicker from the year 1997-2014 ?
which team has the most games behind (gb) ?
which month is the most humid ?
which month has the most precipitation ?
which song has the longest weeks on global asia's top 15 chart ?
which song had the most weeks on the ufo radio top 15 chart ?
which professional wrestler has had the most number of reigns as nwa world heavyweight champion ?
what was the world's most populous continent in 1965 ?
what continent had the highest population in 1970 ?
from where did 'stayin' alive' receive the most accolades ?
when was the last album of this band recorded ?
in what year did the highest number of points occur ?
which nation has the most order of st. olaf recipients ?
which parameter has the most number of doors per car per side ?
which surface has the most winners ?
mag ruffman's role as alice lawson, who she first played in anne of green gables in 1985, was renewed in what movie ?
which tv series has the longest running time ?
which team is the most attended team ?
which team won the 1994 fifa world cup match with the highest attendance ?
which team was the first to beat italy
when in the 1990's did the inflation rate first become negative ?
what year had the highest unemployment rate ?
what year saw the highest output growth rate in japan between the years 1990 and 2004 ?
which year had the most matthew j. morrison films released ?
which year is the most episodes he played in shows ?
in which year did spain show the highest number of live births over deaths ?
which facility hold the most inmates ?
what is the most number of goals scored by elvir rahimic in a single season ?
which of the singles from "dosage" had the highest billboard hot 100 rating ?
which solid base single peaked highest on the finnish singles chart ?
which album achieved the highest peak chart position ?
which solid base album had the most charting singles ?
which group has the most derivation ?
which opponent did kindley have the most victories against ?
which institution has the most research funding ?
which party finished last in the election ?
which party has the most seats in parliament ?
which network has the most satellite stations ?
a candidate with the name of flash gordon approaching of what satirical political party came in last place in the 2001 general election in ochil ?
which qualifying driver has the largest gap ?
what was the highest ranking in the singles chart "holding out for a hero" achieved outside of europe.
which municipality has the most registered items ?
who was the first assistant secretary of the navy ?
which tv show did this actress star in the most episodes ?
what was the largest gf in team history in the arab nations cup ?
what year was the highest population recorded in northern dobruja ?
which ethnicity has the biggest population in 1992 ?
when was the first time elizabeth dawn appeared in her role as vera duckworth ?
which single by schnell fenster reached the band's highest position on the new zealand peak chart ?
when was bobbie phillips first role in tv ?
which electoral district in the dutch language group has the most seats allotted to it ?
which dutch language electoral district of belgium has the most seats in parliament ?
what division was the team most commonly found in ?
which party had the highest number of house members in 2000 ?
which party has the most house members ?
what language has the most films ?
which year(s) received the lowest rank in the ratings ?
which touchstone energy 300 top 10 driver also came in first at the auto club 300 ?
which director has the most titles accredited to them ?
which candidate had the most votes ?
who was sunk the most ?
what is the first age in which t waves are measured ?
which group has the most seats won ?
which year has the most per capita income (as % of usa) ?
what year did the kuwaiti dinar have the highest us dollar exchange ?
comparing january and february, who had the least average rainy days ?
during what month are the highest temperature records at bari karol wojtyla airport ?
which month had the most snowfall ?
which of elizabeth berkley's films got her the most award nominations ?
jeff daniels has appeared in several television shows. for which show has he appeared in the most number of episodes ?
which single is the most in terms of how many times it charted ?
which year is the year with the most titles ?
what was the last title that sid marcus directed ?
which person has directed most of the titles ?
who directed the most cartoons ?
which team has the highest number of consecutive calder memorial trophy winners ?
who was the first calder memorial trophy winner from the boston bruins ?
between january, october and december which month had the most rainfall ?
which year had the most credits ?
which unesco goodwill ambassador is most known for the promotion of the chernobyl program ?
which month averages the least precipitation in kindersley ?
which month had the most rainfall ?
which author is the most prominent in the 1599 edition ?
which month had the most sunny days ?
which president who was an independent also had the longest reign for an independent ?
which party has had the most group leaders ?
which party has had the most leaders ?
which character is mentioned the most in the episode summaries ?
which country had the most roller coasters over 80 feet in height in 2008 ?
how many times is 20th century fox on the top grossing films (u.s.) list ?
what construction company built most of these landmarks ?
which landmark was the built the longest ago ?
which crossing carries the most routes (e.g., de 1) ?
what was the first city to be incorporated into wisconsin ?
which city has the most population in the 2010 census ?
which region has the most population ?
which region in the danish part has the highest population ?
which political party party has had the most mayors of austevoll ?
which political party has had the most elected mayors ?
who was the first mayor of austevoll ?
which month had the average highest in temperature ?
when did the first drop in the experiment fall ?
which month held the most precipitation ?
which district has the highest population ?
which district has the highest population density ?
what is the first year there was a triple crown winner ?
which bbc station had cost the most to run in 2012/13 ?
which victim was missing the longest ?
who has the most albums released under bad boy ?
in what year did barton appear in the most films ?
what year was mischa barton's first film role ?
what was the earliest album ?
